# Introduction <!-- omit in toc -->
See [Starting this journal](#starting-this-journal).

Links: [Journal.md](https://github.com/CCheukKa/CCheukKa/blob/master/Journal.md) / [Github.io site](https://ccheukka.github.io/journal)

---

# Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [2021](#2021)
  - [September](#september)
    - [26-09-2021](#26-09-2021)
      - [Farewell Toby](#farewell-toby)
    - [27-09-2021](#27-09-2021)
      - [Starting this journal](#starting-this-journal)
      - [Toby in London](#toby-in-london)
    - [28-09-2021](#28-09-2021)
      - [Getting back my HKDSE papers](#getting-back-my-hkdse-papers)
    - [29-09-2021](#29-09-2021)
      - [Spoon-feedy education](#spoon-feedy-education)
      - [Undiagnosed ailments](#undiagnosed-ailments)
    - [30-09-2021](#30-09-2021)
      - [Journal page on my website](#journal-page-on-my-website)
      - [Joining "zhong"](#joining-zhong)
  - [October](#october)
    - [02-10-2021](#02-10-2021)
      - [The undocumented and sealed-away memories](#the-undocumented-and-sealed-away-memories)
    - [03-10-2021](#03-10-2021)
      - [Reality and dreams](#reality-and-dreams)
    - [04-10-2021](#04-10-2021)
      - [Checking-in to my new hostel](#checking-in-to-my-new-hostel)
    - [05-10-2021](#05-10-2021)
      - [Preparing my new hostel](#preparing-my-new-hostel)
      - [Toby moved to Oxford](#toby-moved-to-oxford)
    - [06-10-2021](#06-10-2021)
      - [Anatomy practical](#anatomy-practical)
      - [First night in my new hostel place](#first-night-in-my-new-hostel-place)
    - [07-10-2021](#07-10-2021)
      - [HKU night walk with CNok](#hku-night-walk-with-cnok)
    - [08-10-2021](#08-10-2021)
      - [Post-midnight in my hostel](#post-midnight-in-my-hostel)
      - [Typhoon Lionrock strikes](#typhoon-lionrock-strikes)
    - [11-10-2021](#11-10-2021)
      - [Kompasu follows Lionrock](#kompasu-follows-lionrock)
    - [12-10-2021](#12-10-2021)
      - [Academic competence](#academic-competence)
    - [13-10-2021](#13-10-2021)
      - [Self-awareness](#self-awareness)
    - [14-10-2021](#14-10-2021)
      - [New phone](#new-phone)
    - [16-10-2021](#16-10-2021)
      - [Some sort of cousin get-together](#some-sort-of-cousin-get-together)
    - [19-10-2021](#19-10-2021)
      - [One small step at a time](#one-small-step-at-a-time)
      - [Progress for tedious tasks](#progress-for-tedious-tasks)
      - [Mental reality hypothetical](#mental-reality-hypothetical)
    - [20-10-2021](#20-10-2021)
      - [Academic frenzy](#academic-frenzy)
    - [21-10-2021](#21-10-2021)
      - [Lecture time allocations](#lecture-time-allocations)
    - [22-10-2021](#22-10-2021)
      - [Samples taken for body-check](#samples-taken-for-body-check)
    - [23-10-2021](#23-10-2021)
      - [Mathematics midterm](#mathematics-midterm)
    - [24-10-2021](#24-10-2021)
      - [Rushed "group" assignments](#rushed-group-assignments)
    - [25-10-2021](#25-10-2021)
      - [iPad arrived](#ipad-arrived)
    - [26-10-2021](#26-10-2021)
      - [Fridge arrived](#fridge-arrived)
    - [27-10-2021](#27-10-2021)
      - [Midnight oil](#midnight-oil)
    - [28-10-2021](#28-10-2021)
      - [Shaw-lane with CNok](#shaw-lane-with-cnok)
    - [29-10-2021](#29-10-2021)
      - [Medical concerns](#medical-concerns)
  - [November](#november)
    - [01-11-2021](#01-11-2021)
      - [18th birthday](#18th-birthday)
    - [03-11-2021](#03-11-2021)
      - [Anatomy and Physiology CA1](#anatomy-and-physiology-ca1)
    - [04-11-2021](#04-11-2021)
      - [Zhong profile picture taking](#zhong-profile-picture-taking)
    - [06-11-2021](#06-11-2021)
      - [Physics midterm 1](#physics-midterm-1)
    - [09-11-2021](#09-11-2021)
      - [Maths midterm results](#maths-midterm-results)
    - [13-11-2021](#13-11-2021)
      - [Zhong promotion period](#zhong-promotion-period)
    - [19-11-2021](#19-11-2021)
      - [Zhong new beginnings?](#zhong-new-beginnings)
    - [21-11-2021](#21-11-2021)
      - [Zhong war begins](#zhong-war-begins)
      - [Zhong war ends](#zhong-war-ends)
    - [23-11-2021](#23-11-2021)
      - [Flopped BMEG presentation](#flopped-bmeg-presentation)
    - [24-11-2021](#24-11-2021)
      - [Physics midterm results released](#physics-midterm-results-released)
    - [25-11-2021](#25-11-2021)
      - [Year 1 Semester 2 course registration](#year-1-semester-2-course-registration)
    - [26-11-2021](#26-11-2021)
      - [Taxis can fly](#taxis-can-fly)
      - [Anatomy and Physiology CA1 results released](#anatomy-and-physiology-ca1-results-released)
      - [Some zhong meal/gathering](#some-zhong-mealgathering)
    - [29-11-2021](#29-11-2021)
      - [Stuffed alpaca toys in CUHK](#stuffed-alpaca-toys-in-cuhk)
  - [December](#december)
    - [07-12-2021](#07-12-2021)
      - [Finals approach](#finals-approach)
      - [Anatomy and Physiology CA2](#anatomy-and-physiology-ca2)
    - [10-12-2021](#10-12-2021)
      - [Physics final examination](#physics-final-examination)
    - [13-12-2021](#13-12-2021)
      - [Calculus final examination](#calculus-final-examination)
    - [14-12-2021](#14-12-2021)
      - [Chinese final examination](#chinese-final-examination)
    - [15-12-2021](#15-12-2021)
      - [Human Anatomy and Physiology final examination](#human-anatomy-and-physiology-final-examination)
      - [End of Year 1 Semester 1](#end-of-year-1-semester-1)
    - [19-12-2021](#19-12-2021)
      - [Zhong meeting again](#zhong-meeting-again)
    - [20-12-2021](#20-12-2021)
      - [Some sort of gathering](#some-sort-of-gathering)
      - [HKDSE Report](#hkdse-report)
    - [21-12-2021](#21-12-2021)
      - [Suit purchase](#suit-purchase)
    - [24-12-2021](#24-12-2021)
      - [Christmas party](#christmas-party)
    - [27-12-2021](#27-12-2021)
      - [Zhong profile picture taking again](#zhong-profile-picture-taking-again)
    - [30-12-2021](#30-12-2021)
      - [Pre-consultation again (Part 1)](#pre-consultation-again-part-1)
    - [31-12-2021](#31-12-2021)
      - [Pre-consultation again (Part 2)](#pre-consultation-again-part-2)
- [2022](#2022)
  - [January](#january)
    - [01-01-2022](#01-01-2022)
      - [2022 new year](#2022-new-year)
    - [05-01-2022](#05-01-2022)
      - [IKEA stroll](#ikea-stroll)
      - [Bank account](#bank-account)
    - [10-01-2022](#10-01-2022)
      - [Revisiting SJC with Marwin and Marcus](#revisiting-sjc-with-marwin-and-marcus)
      - [Dem beat: Conception](#dem-beat-conception)
    - [11-01-2022](#11-01-2022)
      - [Dem beat: Day 1](#dem-beat-day-1)
    - [12-01-2022](#12-01-2022)
      - [Farewell Marwin and Marcus](#farewell-marwin-and-marcus)
      - [Dem beat: Day 2](#dem-beat-day-2)
      - [Year 1 Semester 1 results released](#year-1-semester-1-results-released)

---

# 2021

## September

### 26-09-2021
#### Farewell Toby
> This is the very first entry of this journal thing but let's not dwell on this seemingly monumental topic to make way for a much more significant event.  
> It was Toby's last day in Hong Kong. He is going to the University of Oxford to study Mathematics or something. We've already had a farewell meal on 24/09 but that's besides the point. CNok, Efren, Samuel, and myself went to the airport to give him a final farewell. The airport was quite non-crowded due to COVID or something. I have never a place in Hong Kong this non-crowded before so that was quite amusing, not to mention it was my first time in 3 years I've been to the airport. He was queuing for the check-in at the British Airways counters when Teddy and Adrian Lee/Li somehow spontaneously materialised. We had a brief meal at the airport - nothing too remarkable except it being horribly expensive, but I guess it's to be expected. His dad did give all of us red packets after the meal as a thank-you for us coming along to the airport. I think he had like 6 or something relatives with him: parents + granny + some other randos. We had some photos and hugs. His dad and granny left just after one photo which struck me as odd but that's besides the point. Come to think of it, I've never hug him before I don't think, nor have I been in a group hug before, so that was interesting and awkward, especially considering we had to hold it long enough for his relatives to take pictures of this mess of arms and torsos. Alas, it was time for him to enter the security gate thing, despite it being a whopping 1.5 hours too early, and there shall no longer be a turning back. He struggled a bit with the first self-help gate thing, which I kindly helped myself to documenting in the form of a video, later IG story. We waved goodbye intensely but he barely looked back. We kept watching until we lost sight of him. CNok stated he wanted to cry a bit but ultimately didn't. But he did say that if I were the one to leave, then he would definitely cry rolling on the floor.  
> I wasn't too emotional. It might kicked in later after it had sunk on me. Though it did made me have a sudden realisation. Life is *not* constant, nothing is. I have been taking it for granted that life is always going to be "unchanging" and everything should have a "later". But it isn't and doesn't. It just made me question my mortality for a second, even after a day, as the time of writing this, and I'd expect this feeling to grow as time goes on, every time I'd talk to him, every time we'd have some sort of now Toby-less gathering, and as I get older, in general. For instance, Toby and I have been planning for this dumb devil comedy sketch idea since before DSE even. We had planned for something to happen during the summer holidays. We have much planned for the summer actually: variety chess videos, podcasts (which honestly might still be possible), some local hotel staycations, vacation trips to the UK even. With much ambition, might I add. Guess what? Nothing got done. Like literally not a single thing got done in that summer. It was literally the longest summer I have ever had in my entire life and I did nothing. None of us did. Why? 'Cus of that mindset that life is constant, and that it would always have a "later". It *is* a huge let-down and regret for me, and more importantly, for Toby. It should be a whole year soonest until we meet again. But I guess at least I got to walk around CUHK with Toby on 17-Sep, so that's something. Also us the gang had been holding more gatherings and events in S6, probably because it was the last year of our secondary school years. I have CNok to thank for that, for not letting the mindset get to us, especially me, at least for a short while.  
> I wish it doesn't take such a huge thing for me to realise that but the sad truth is it did. I would say this would be a life lesson for me, and that I would change my ways after this, but the truth is, there had been so many life lessons before this, and I can't say how many of them have really changed me - nay - budged me even the tiniest bit. Maybe they have, maybe they haven't, I don't know. Everything is subconscious after all. They may have been memorable, sure, no less than this one, but they may ultimately prove themselves meaningless if I couldn't really get something out of them. Ambition is a pretty significant source of regrets, but the lack of it accounts for the large majority. I guess I am grateful that those plans existed while they existed. At least we got to discuss about it despite we both knowing that they probably won't happen in time. I shall miss him.  
> I have known him since S1. Weirdly enough, I actually think he might be my first new friend in SJC, along with Bennie. We did dumb stuff back then like stalking Santos, but ultimately we just have the same channel, at least I think we do. We fell out during S2-3 due to reasons still beyond my comprehension till this day, but we got back together by chance(?) from S4 onwards. Speaking of S1 and Bennie, the three of us actually did try to make our own game, along with Marwin I believe. Well it was mainly *my* game, but they contributed in the form of 3D models. Toby also contributed some ideas(?) I believe, though the memories are starting to get vague and foggy. It never got finished, partly because my computer sucked back then, partly because of that "life is constant" mindset. That "later" turned into "never". It goes to show our ambition even back then. Guess we haven't changed too much. He was a very plastic person back then. And honestly, I would go as far as to say that he *was* the advocate for my own plasticity and that he was the major reason my personality and mode of thinking when it comes to dealing with new people and stuff are the way they are. Yes, our ambition never changed, but neither did my/our procrastinating mentality. But I guess it was all me. Toby did try to push the ideas into fruition but I was somewhat reluctant in some of them for reasons. I shall take fault for that.  
> Anyway, us the gang planned to visit the UK and have some sort of vacation there, with Toby of course, some time in the future, presumably after the fucking COVID-19 ends. Let's see what would be the fate of this plan: shall it fall like so many before it have, or would it be the one that shall finally rise above all? Either way, it shall be at least a year until we can find out.  
> Hope Toby won't get too lonely in the UK. He never struck me as being too emotionally attached too much to anything anyway, so I guess he would most likely be fine, probably. Though he was a really messy person when I first met him, and still is. Let's hope the two luggages of stuff shall only allow him to make the smallest mess at worst. Whatever awaits, shall it be bright and vibrant. Farewell Toby, until we meet again.

### 27-09-2021
#### Starting this journal
> Technically the last entry wasn't written yesterday as it should have been. It was actually written the very moment before the writing of this. Toby has finally convinced me to start a project like this. Actually he just made me convince myself really. To be fair, he has been advertising this idea to me for a very very long time. It is finally time that I felt the need to start this. To document my own thoughts, feelings, experiences, and such. I have made the decision that this journal shouldn't only contain huge events like may other journals might. Life is not always full of dramatic stuff, and this journal shall make that apparent. But as always, let's see how long I can keep this up. I can't say I have too much faith in myself based on past experiences. I also have little regards to the length of the entries as one might suspect reading the last entry. They shall be however long or short they feel like being. This should be a good read a few months or years from now.
#### Toby in London
> Toby has landed in London without issue (that I know of) and finished tinkering with the airport shenanigans. He said there was minimal jet lag 'cus he didn't even sleep that well on the plane but I don't think jet lags manifest the moment one lands. We'll see. He called a taxi and waited at the airport, only the found out that the driver possesses such incompetence that they had mixed up the pickup point and the destination. I guess Toby wouldn't be the only one who's a huge klutz then. It was pretty funny to be honest. Toby actually has the GPS tracking location of the taxi the whole time and witnessed this whole driving-the-completely-wrong-way fiasco. He didn't think to call the driver to warn them of their own stupidity. He said he was more confident that the GPS was wrong than the driver committing such foolery, but I think he was secretly amused that such a driver even exists. He likes to observer others' behaviour so I don't think such a hypothesis would be too out of character for him. He did ended up having to wait for 3 hours in total before travelling 1.5 more hours until he reaches his temporary hostel place. I guess this whole insanity was half his fault. This journal shall be expecting more Toby updates in the short future.

### 28-09-2021
#### Getting back my HKDSE papers
> I bought the HKDSE papers some time ago, all the subjects, all the papers, and I got them back today from the post office. It's interesting 'cus it has already been so long ago that if not for the SMS they sent me, I would've completely forgotten about this. I remember being super bummed when the DSE results were out, and rightfully so. I was in some sort of stages of grief. My entire DSE and JUPAS journey was something of a roller coaster really. It started on the day when the results were out. Obviously I have made score predictions and some plans depending on the actual final score, but it's safe to say that all of those went completely out of the window - no joke. Even in my worst planned scenarios, I should still be able to get into at least A2, and hopefully transfer back to A1; but the actual results turned out worse than the worst, far from it even. I was in shock, very much so. To be fair, it was to be expected that the scores wouldn't be the best, but being worse than the worst scenario was never expected. I guess all of my friends got unsatisfactory results too, as did the whole school. I guess Toby got the best out of this whole ordeal, but I guess this wasn't much of a doubt in the first place. He was never bad at anything really. His academics mainly just consisted of his qualities with no setbacks like so many of us do. I was planning to get at least a 5** in Maths and/or Physics, and some 5* elsewhere. I guess maybe I was being too optimistic, but to be honest I didn't think I failed this badly when I made those score predictions, right after finishing the papers. Some of the subjects were a little wonky, all things considered, especially for Biology where I was sick the whole time and spent something like 15 minutes in the washroom. CNok was aiming to get 5** in both Chinese and Economics. He had been doing a lot of Economics past papers, like *a lot* a lot. But ultimately he still was able to got into a rather decent programme. I mean universities do offer a huge variety of business and economics programmes, with a huge range of score requirements, which translates to students being able to apply for suitable programmes no matter what score they ended up achieving. Not me though, which brings me back to the main point of discussion.  
> Upon receiving the results, I immediately applied for a remarking the very same day. It was for English, Liberal Studies, Chemistry, and Biology I believe. Fortunately for me, I was able to successfully upgrade from 5 to 5* for my Biology, which was somewhat surprising considering it was my least confident subject. But either way, this gave me a ticket for a JUPAS reconsideration, which by some tricks of the system, would actually make it easier for me to get into the programmes I wanted. From the statistics database my school had provided, my score actually reached the median of last year's admission round of my A2 programme. I was really confident and under the impression that this would be it. It wasn't. The reconsideration yielded no result and it was ultimately futile. It wasn't common to succeed in DSE appeals, you know. Biology, even less. I was told that I was the first person in SJC's history who had ever had success in appealing Biology. It was pretty disappointing. I was teased but it was snatched away from my in the very last moment. I was really more surprised that I didn't got accepted into the programme despite the data suggesting otherwise. It could only imply that the cut-off was exceptionally high this year. I guess those born in 2003 was just fated to be eternally unlucky. SARS was a thing when we were born, some sort of swine flu in 2009 took my kindergarten graduation ceremony, the principal got changed during my S6 year, and the whole COVID-19 ordeal of course. None of this makes any scientific sense but in a way I guess I have already adopted the belief that bad luck was one of my personal traits. Basically every big event in my life went haywire. I have made nothing short of 4 preference priority lists within the past month or so, and I don't think any one of them went my way, literally, for one reason or another, mostly for reasons beyond my control.  
> So anyhow, I am now studying Biomedical Engineering, which wasn't a bad programme per se, but it isn't what I had been planning for for the past 3 years or so. I remember borderline hating this and hating myself for quite a while. But now that I have been studying for almost a month, I would say those have subsided a bit. Maybe this would be a good chance for me to get a high GPA, and eventually assist me in successfully transferring back into Medicine. Maybe this is the only way I could ever get into Medicine, and this is some sort of fated path? Honestly, I think I am both too optimistic and pessimistic at the same time. I mean that was literally the exact thought process I went through when the DSE appeal results were out. It's kinda like the old Chinese folklore tale about the old guy who lost the horse. Let's hope that this would be the case even though deep down in my heart I secretly believe that something would decide that it would like to go wrong. Murphy's Law I guess, basically concludes my life thus far. Yes, I may be less upset and more accepting of my current situation, but I kinda doubt it would stay this way for long. Maybe I should stop obsessing over choosing my own path, and just takes whatever life delivers, buddha style or something like that, but it really sounds like dubious advice to accept whatever. I guess you could only either live like whatever without a care in the world or keep dreaming about your aspirations and be disappointed constantly. I'm not sure I want to fall under either of those umbrellas but I don't suppose there is a third way, not an easy one at least.  
> I still haven't taken a look at the DSE papers as of the writing of this. It's rather funny that my mentality would change so fast. The original reason I wanted the papers back was because I was in disbelief and wanted to get to the bottom of this. Again, in some sort of stages of grief. But now that I actually got them, I think maybe I have stopped caring about it. It would be poetic that I would just throw them away or store them somewhere forever, never to be opened. But I think I will eventually take a look at them, just not in the near future. Let's see in what mindset I would be in the next time I shall discover them among the piles of mess on my desk. This journal shall expect an entry about that by then, whenever it shall happen.

### 29-09-2021
#### Spoon-feedy education
> Don't expect much from this entry because I am writing this during a lecture, which is admittedly, not a very good thing to do. But in my defence, this lecture is quite dry. Not that it's boring though, the topic is interesting, but such spoon-feeding lectures prove to be an ineffective way to learn, for me at least. To some extent it may be good, but it really depends on the subject and topic. For instance, this particular lecture is about Anatomy and Physiology. With a load of information as big as this, it is practically impossible for anyone to comprehend when given in this style.  
> The point of education is to shape the way we tackle new information, in my opinion. Mathematics actually demonstrates this idea perfectly; for every new theory that you discover, you'll *have* to understand all of its intricacies and limitations for it to provide you with the greatest asset. There should simply be no shortcuts. Spoon-feeding straight up kills it. Elegant theorems are often reduced into identities students have to recite if they possess even the slightest bit of sophistication. I'm confident to say that this is the major contributor to students getting confused and disinterested in Mathematics. It is tragic, yes, to know that the worst student could have been a great mathematician, if not for this system. Everything is optimised for speed, and anything that doesn't result in direct teaching progress shall be eliminated as soon as possible. Although it may be able to discourage teachers from straying from the topic, it also encourages them to speedrun through the materials. Comprehension, skipped; consolidation, skipped; the "click" moments, all skipped. After all, there is not a more direct and straightforward way to have them perform well in tests and exams than reciting. Do you not understand the material? Well too bad, for it is your job to keep up. Students simply don't have enough time to marinate themselves in the knowledge. They don't perform well in those subjects and grow to hate them. I can't blame them. It is only human to repulse from things that make your uncomfortable. Pardon me when I say that I don't have a solution for this, but this problem must be seen by the world. Are we sure that geniuses in this system would translate into geniuses of humanity?  
> While what I've said is true for lower-level education, it is most certainly not true for tertiary ones (i.e. university education). Teachers, or rather, professors, have nothing more to be regulated by than the demands of society, the specialty required by the profession, and their own morals. After all, it's not like anyone would notice it unless it manifests itself in the society in the form of decreased competence. But professors are scholars, and most scholars are respectful to their own field and profession. It is merely their own moral obligation and social responsibility to educate as much and as thoroughly as their capabilities allow. Medicine is probably one of the, if not the only profession that leaves so little room for error. It is no joke to be a professional in this field. The spoon-feedy nature of this curriculum is simply the natural inevitability that such a system make arise. I guess students in this field are expected to be more competent and hence should be more than capable to "teach themselves". I've heard that students are expected to self-study for three times as much than actual lecture hours, and that's for other professions. I can only imagine how much that coefficient would be for medical students.  
> I guess I'm half a medical student even right now, and I *am* expected to give and show that kind of effort and dedication toward my studies. Even though I currently only have to take one course this demanding, I'm already slipping big time. I can't imagine it would get any better than this, and it most likely won't. This course is seriously making me doubt my abilities to study Medicine in the event that I should find myself be successfully transferred to it. I guess I can try and wait and see.
#### Undiagnosed ailments
> I was feeling a little light-headed in today's PE lesson, except we haven't even started doing anything yet. We were just sitting in a small classroom listening to theories taught by the coach. Maybe it was because I had to turn my head slightly to the left to see him properly, maybe it was because I haven't drunk enough water yet in the morning. But mostly likely it should be because I have some undiagnosed disease. I can't for the life of me remember if this had been a thing for my entire life but it started manifest itself more and more during my senior secondary school years. I suspect I may have a wide variety of undiagnosed syndromes/disorders, but let's work our way up from the most inconsequential ones.  
> For starters, I suspect that I may have ***ADHD (Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder)***. I could never sit in one place still without moving around, adjusting my pose every once in a while, fidgeting with my fingers or other objects, having restless legs... the list goes on. Even in this very moment, as of the writing of this, I can't help constantly shaking and moving. Basically, if I hold long enough in the same pose, be it standing or sitting, I would start to involuntarily enumerate all the slightest discomfort I'm feeling at the moment and *have* to do something to address them, which most commonly, turns into moving around for no reason. While this is nothing more than a nuisance at best for the large majority of the time, it can really draw attention to itself when there's nothing else to distract those around me from it.  
> Next up: a slightly more annoying disorder that I suspect I may have sometimes. This is a strange one, because I vividly remember it popping up every once in a while in my childhood. It tended to stay for a while whenever it showed up, I'm talking a while as in a couple years; but on other days, I barely even remember it ever existing. It's like talking about it triggers it or something. ***OCD (Obsessive compulsory disorder)*** is the thing I'm talking about. It can manifest itself in numerous ways. From my experience, it can range from constantly blinking for no reason, to feeling the constant urge to make noises with my throat and nose, to twitching various muscle groups, to feeling the urge to touch the corners of objects, and to feeling the urge to bump my knees against each other. It is somewhat similar to ***TS (Tourette Syndrome)*** but to a milder and more voluntary(?) extent. I'm not even sure that OCD is the right term for it and it mostly likely isn't. TS should be more accurate but it's among the same field of disorders. Yes, it is weird, and yes, it bothers me quite a bit too because of its side effects like dry throat, sore muscles, and such. I believe it manifests when I'm under stress for extended periods of time. It kinda subsided for a long while but it can still pop up every now and then for a few days or so, until I forget about it and stop trying to stop it.
>
> ***Allergy***. My nose is allergic to god-knows-what, always. It and my lips are always dry. It would just swell and puff up and itch all the time. It gets worse with dry weather. I have to keep rubbing it. There is no other way of dealing with it. Trust me when I say I've tried. Lotions, medications, Chinese Medicine, nasal sprays. You name it, I've tried it. So far the most effective "treating" it is to apply a thin layer of Vaseline and really rub it in. But even it only acts as a temporary measure, effective for not long. Yes, I have to carry a small container of Vaseline with my all the time; so if you were wondering why my pockets are so full of random stuff, here's one for you. Admittedly, the situation has improved a lot as I've aged but it is just never quite gone. Nuisance, nuisance.  
> I'm no stranger to ***GI (Gastrointestinal) problems***. I practically suffer from one of those every week or so. Basically anything can trigger stomachaches and make a very bad day. To be honest, they are so frequent I have more or less gotten used to them. They come and go as they please with no rhythm or reason. They would find any reason to start making a ruckus, sometimes even none at all. I'm also virtually 100% certain that I'm ***lactose intolerant***, so that's one genre of food I can stay the fuck away from. Honestly, I wish I could talk more about this but like I said I have gotten so used to them it might as well be part of my official weekly routine.  
> Now that we've gone through all the minute and relatively insignificant bits, let's tread into the deep end. I believe I have some sort of ***anaemia***, not a severe case by any means, but it's bothersome and troubling. My mom and her family have a history of such a disease, so it's not surprising that I may have it. Anaemia, in essence, allows my blood to carry less oxygen around than normal. As such, I am really sensitive to oxygen level changes. Where others may not even notice, I can get slightly disoriented and light-headed when the oxygen level drops by any amount. Should the oxygen level drop for whatever reason, say, stale air due to a bad ventilation system, my brain starts to slow and I start to become less sensitive to my surroundings (i.e. my senses start to fade in a vague sense). Even in the shower, when there is too much steam, symptoms start to manifest. Like I said, I don't remember this ever being a problem in my childhood. I hypothesise that it manifesting only now is because I have grown and I have to use a larger portion of my cardiac capabilities to sustain myself, whereas when I was still small I could easily operate on half cardiac capacity. (Maybe this is the real reason why I'm restless - to pump blood around quicker? Not sure how scientific this deduction is though.) Over the years, I have learned to notice and identify the symptoms. It is not as easy as it sounds. Noticing yourself being delusional is a really tough feat, especially when the oxygen level drops so quickly the symptoms kick in right away instead of gradually. But let's get back to the point. Decreased cardiac effectiveness holds me back from a lot of stuff. I can't do medium-to-intense exercises without approaching the verge of a blackout and I can't recover at a normal pace. The most annoying thing is that I get tired all the god-damn time. I never seem to be able to get through a single day without feeling tired half-way. Perhaps this is the real reason I procrastinate and never managed to finish everything I wanted to finish within specific timeframes. I want to do so much yet I *can* do so little. I'm basically always on half battery despite only waking up 2-3 hours prior. I'm not sure there could be a solution/alleviation to this aliment, but I'm starting to take on more exercises as required by the university Physical Education, so let's see how that would go.  
> Did you think anaemia was the biggest thing? Far from it. I suspect I may also have some type of ***diabetes***. Thinking back, I believe the earliest sign was from my primary school years. I would always get thirsty when I'm trying to sleep. I would get up every minute or so to have sips of water, then I'll have to use the washroom because of all the water, and the cycle continues. It would take a really long time for me to fall asleep because of this. I basically can only rest when this whole ordeal tires me out to the point where I forget that I'm thirsty. Fast forward to today, I still drink water more frequently than those around me. It's like I'm doing transpiration all the time or something like that. Even when I'm just sitting still doing nothing I could still feel thirsty. And on bad days I could chug a whole bottle of water and it would do nothing to quench my thirst. I am always feeling dry. Washroom is a very popular venue in my daily routine. All this fuss about hydration and here I am suffering from basically the opposite problem. Now that I think about it, this could also go hand-in-hand with my anaemia to make me very prone to light-headedness, 'cus it also make my blood sugar level fluctuate quite a bit; could also be another reason why I'm always feeling tired.  
> I'm well aware I am weak and frail like some 80-year-old. I'm already looking for a full-body check and hopefully I can get one soon. Let's see how accurate my self-diagnosis is, although I'm not sure I'd like to be proven correct.

### 30-09-2021
#### Journal page on my website
> This entry marks the establishment of the *[/journal page on my github.io site](https://ccheukka.github.io/journal)*. This shall act as a test entry or something like that. This is not really a real entry. I have made it so that the page would fetch the journal in its most updated form every single time. So ideally, I can still just edit the journal as usual, and without having to tinker with anything else, one should just be able to read the thing on my site.
#### Joining "zhong"
> It is official. I am now a part of the "zhong" of my own department, Biomedical Engineering. I am now in charge of Leisure and Physical stuff, whatever that means. Honestly, a lot of the positions sound weird and make little sense, but hey, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. We were tasked to think of an activity that could bond students and professors. It was the usual sort of stuff really, nothing too remarkable. And after that we did a round of voting to decide who would be assigned to what position. We ended this whole thing with a dinner in some outdoors rural restaurant *Fo Tan*. I wish I could talk more about it, as this might be a quite monumental event. But honestly, I don't think it is quite justified that I start discussing something that I have barely taken a part in yet. I used not to join too much activities and whatnot during my secondary school years, and I have made a sort of promise to myself that I would try to be more active and achieve more during my university years, that is, the mountain-load of academics start being daunting. So I guess this marks the first page in that book, let's hope that book may be full of interesting stuff by the time I graduate.

## October

### 02-10-2021
#### The undocumented and sealed-away memories
> Yes, I am aware that I have skipped making an entry yesterday. There was no particular reason as to why, only that I didn't do it. Granted, it was a holiday, so my sleep schedule was non-existent. To be fair, I stayed up all night after only having a small nap yesterday, so I'm kinda still living in the yesterday but that's besides the point. I was feeling anxious yesterday. Something was on my mind. I know for certain what the thing that had been clouding me is, but I do not wish to admit it, or even acknowledge it.  
> That brings me to my point, that not everything should be documented. I know I have mentioned when I started this journey that every day should have something worthy of a journal entry, that something as insignificant as a random thought I had during the day could suffice. Actually, Toby and I have briefly talked about this when he was convincing me to start this. But some things are just best left in the past. Some things are not meant to be remembered. If I wish something to not be in my life, not to be a factor in the definition of my character and my future decision-making, then it shall not be remembered. And I believe this should go for everyone. If a thought poses discomfort in you, but has little significance to anyone else, you should simply discard it - but don't try too hard, mind you, lest it become one of those unforgettable forgotten memories that would loom over you for the rest of your life. You should know what I'm talking about: repressed memories, denial, whatever you want to call it, they are the thoughts/memories you try your hardest to eliminate from existence yet inevitably re-emerges to haunt you from time to time. I have specifically not put the "thing"-in-question here, as you might have noticed. Generally, I've found that the best way to deal with them is to exploit your psychology. Try thinking about the same scenario, but in some sort of alternative timeline, where you had actually done or not done the thing that's troubling you, or something you would've done differently. Think of multiple of them. And here's the thing: try to be as vivid as possible. As unintuitive and counter-productive this may sound, it can actually help with overshadowing the actual event itself, until the point where you either cease to remember the event, or are no longer able to tell the real event from the crowd of alternative universes you have formulated. You see, your brain loves to latch onto bad memories. It's a pretty reasonable survival adaptation if you think about it. As such, negative events are significantly more likely to be remembered and subsequently recalled than positive ones. By mixing such an event with its positive alternatives, it could trick the brain into treating it as though it *is* a positive event, and have it be forgotten sooner. Making the false "universes" vivid is important because, our brains hate to have memories be vague and would always prefer to keep the more vivid version, for the same reason as before. I did not intend to make this some sort of science/psychology argument, but science and its sort interest me intrinsically. I have found varying degrees of success with this method. Some of them became vague and foggy, and maybe I've already forgotten some of them, which I obviously am not able to elaborate on.  
> Is this some sort of lying? Definitely. But I would argue not all kinds of lying is negative. *"We will always be the best judge of our actions, and they will always be punished in their own respect. A small crime will make you guilty for a short while, and a big one will make you feel awful for a very very long time, perhaps even for the entirety of the rest of your life."* That was a poorly-done paraphrase of a thing I've heard somewhere before, and I agree with it. Guilt is the best punishment against crimes, the same way looming mental worms are for missteps and misdecisions. This should be evident enough that we shouldn't try to evade them, until we consider that our brains also love to exaggerate situations and blow things out of proportions. Sometimes they can even be not in our control and we'll still have to suffer the consequences of it in the form of mental anguish. I am most definitely going out on a limb here, but I believe this could even be some sort of treatment for more, actually traumatic events, or at least be able to alleviate them. This method would be some sort of appeal system for our brains' auto-judgement I suppose. I feel like the analogy is starting to break down, but I hope I got the point out in time before this all melt into a pot of meaningless ideas and incomprehensible brain vomit. Every seal eventually leaks; and the only way to prevent that, is to have nothing to be sealed in the first place.

### 03-10-2021
#### Reality and dreams
> Yester-night I had dreams again. Yes, I'm aware that this is not a very significant topic to discuss, but let's hang on for a moment. My dreams typically revolve around my memories. The characters would be my friends and classmates (from secondary school, as of the writing of this), and the location would be in some sort of school (reminiscent of SJC). My dreams would from time to time involve plausible events with characters and locations convincing enough that I would actually confuse them from actual real events. Like, in a dream where a person would say something, and the next time I see them I could be reminded of that particular scene of the dream. I realise this may sound borderline psychotic, but it generally only lasts for like a day or two, until I forget about it entirely. Let's leave this phenomenon aside for a moment, for I don't know how to transition from this.  
> Sometimes I feel like I have some sort of future-telling ability. It's like I would vaguely remember one exact moment and that would happen later in life, the same way that I've seen it. It is never a "video clip" like some sort of vision, but it's more like some screenshot of my eyes in the future, if that makes any sense. Sure, it is most likely some sort of *Déjà vu*, but I think I have had occurrences where I can vividly remember seeing the thing before the event, instead of right as it happens. And yes, i have had a lot of such moments throughout my life, quite frequently, all things considered. But I guess it matters not anyway, unless I find mental asylums being my dream house.  
> I have been having re-occurring dreams for as long as I can remember, the earliest one I can remember from my childhood involve some sort of desert and pyramids, and another one involves being chased in my primary school. I should stop myself before this turns into a whole novel. Maybe I can tell them in some other time, but now is not that time. I would keep having the same exact set of dreams, with the same exact events, plot, and story. It really feels like I'm re-watching a movie over and over again. Until one day, my brain would decide that it has had enough of that movie, and would start obsessing over a different movie. I lot of them involve some sort of chase scene, and toilets (Yes, toilets. I guess it would be because I would feel the urge to urinate in my sleep and this would be the way my brain would address it. But of course urinate in your dreams solve nothing and so that dream would be me finding washrooms after washrooms. Could be another sign of diabetes(?)). As per all re-occurring stuff, my memory of them start to get more and more vivid each time I live through them. To the point where I could basically map out the location they take place in. I believe all of the locations are physically connected in some way. It's interesting because even though it is the exact same dream over and over again, I would be none the wiser in the dream, and would act out basically the whole thing with only little variations.  
> However, I've found myself getter more and more conscious and self-aware in dreams, and would sometimes even notice that I'm in fact in a dream. It's like a lucid dream, but I have still found myself be able to utilise that to my advantage. Speaking of lucid dreams, I believe I have had one, that I can remember of anyway, so far. Guess what I did in that dream? Of course my first instinct would be to do tests and experiments to confirm the boundaries and limitations of lucid-dreaming. I've found out that I would be able to feel myself in the bed, but if I think about too hard, I would start to wake up. So next up I tried to spawn something from thin air. It didn't work. I can't say I'm too surprised. Next up, I experimented with modes of locomotion. I think now is a good time to mention that the dream took place in the Pacific Place, and I was walking to the MTR station from school in that particular scene. I tried that walking normally works just as you'd think, and I could even glide on the floor with various degrees of success. However, as soon as I tried teleportation, I think I thought about it too hard or something that I woke up. It was definitely an interesting experience, but I wish I could've done more with it. But back to being self-aware/conscious but not fully lucid in dreams. I would be able to make more sensible decisions, but other than that it had basically served me to a small extent. Apparently it is in consensus that nobody can run in dreams. Everything would be floaty and you would be barely able to kick off the ground. There is a scientific explanation to this about nerves and haptic feedback but I shouldn't get too deep into this. Not being able to run and washrooms make me aware that I am in dreams very effectively. It's kind of like some kind of reality check or trigger word.  
> Damn. I thought I said I wouldn't talk too much about dreams. But I guess realising that you are veering off-track is better done late than never. The point is that, all of this dream ordeal reminds me of the one old Chinese story. In the story, "Zhong Zi" dreamt of himself being a butterfly. The dream was apparently so vivid that after he had woken up, he wasn't able to tell whether he was actually a human dreaming of being a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming of being a human. I suppose this could be a slightly dreadful existential crisis. But honestly this is quite a scary thought. If you almost confused dreams with reality, you couldn't be sure that you haven't done that already. Consciousness as we know it is - well we don't know anything about consciousness yet. All we know is that it's an emergent property. But if that's the case, who is to say that our computers, smartphones, and other electronics are not already conscious. While they may not be able to do too much, they could be some sort of very low-level consciousness even as they way are right now. An even more mind-boggling idea is that we may not exist at all. We could just be a random assortment of atoms and molecules that just so happen to bump into each other in space and assembled into a brain by pure chance. It is actually not that infeasible with the enormity and eternity of space. It is a good thought experiment, or rather, a thought experience, but try not to think about it too hard. Is anything real? Does it even matter? I haven't even gotten into simulation theories/conspiracies yet but I feel like this should be as far as we go for the time being.

### 04-10-2021
#### Checking-in to my new hostel
> This will be a short entry. Today I was finally able to check-in to my new hostel place, in the Lee Shu Pui Hall. I quitted the old one, Yin Lin Tang, after the shenanigans that happened there. Maybe I will talk about it some other day, but today I'd mainly like to rant about how slow the staff can be when handling stuff. First of all, I have handed in the application via email on 17/09 to the general email and again on 21/09 to the secretary herself. I was then promptly put onto the waiting list and was instructed to wait, and that was the end of it for a while. On 24/09, an email was sent to me notifying that a new hostel place has been offered to me and that I should accept it before 27/09, which I promptly did on 25/09. No response was given to me so I restated my confirmation on 27/09. They replied that the check-in arrangements shall be sent to be later that day, which did not happen. I even sent an email enquiring about the arrangements on 28/09 which they promptly ignored. The next time I shall establish any contact was being sent an email from the warden on 03/10 asking about why I did not check-in during my allotted time, which was supposedly on 02/10. Anyhow, after much hassle of explanations and re-arrangements. I have finally managed to check-in to my hostel place. It was a 3-person room, and I can already tell you the living conditions and whatnot is unimaginably better than my original hostel place. I looked around and ended up staying there for around half an hour or so. My roommates still weren't there by then so I just left. It was quite anti-climatic but it's honestly whatever. I'm packing the stuff for my actual move-in as of the writing of this so this journal shall be expecting updates soon.

### 05-10-2021
#### Preparing my new hostel
> This will be another short entry. Today morning I dropped off my stuff into my room, but my roommates were not awake yet so once again we didn't get the chance to properly meet before I have to leave for lectures. After my lectures, I went back there and started cleaning the place. It was quite filthy to be brutally honest. I think I spent the better part of 2 hours wiping down the whole place with alcohol. I went through half a bottle of alcohol by the time I finished, or rather gave up having decided that the particularly stubborn stains are tolerable. One of my roommates came back while I was in the middle of cleaning and we started talking. I unpacked the things that I had brought at the time before I had to leave for a doctor's appointment which I ended up failing to oblige to. Yes, this is not a particularly interesting entry but I'll be moving into the place for real tomorrow so tomorrow's entry should be mildly more interesting.
#### Toby moved to Oxford
> This is not a real entry but rather a brief update. I remembered that Toby said he was only going to stay for a week in London before moving to Oxford. Apparently I couldn't keep track of time well and by the time I asked him about this, he informed me that he has already moved and settled down in Oxford. Welp. Surprisingly, he mentioned that Oxford resembles Hong Kong to some extent, especially in terms of the population of the streets. I guess it's interesting?

### 06-10-2021
#### Anatomy practical
> Today we had a practical session during our anatomy class. It was definitely a pleasant switch of environment from the mundane and monotonous lectures where the pace is too quick and the depth too advanced for us to understand without prior and subsequent self-study. I've heard that the time you need to self-study is somewhere around three times as much as the lecture hours, which sounded quite insane when I first heard it, and maybe it was for some courses, it is most likely true for this anatomy course. I guess even though this course is meant to be a lite version of what medics are studying, it is definitely not the case in practice. Since medical stuff require tons of background knowledge and reciting of countless terms, there is no studying half a medicine programme: you either don't study it at all, or you'll have to study everything; anything in-between is simply insufficient and non-constructive. So basically I am studying full medicine while being a quarter-medicine student. I guess this is why they say biomedical engineering is more demanding than pure medicine.  
> But that's besides the point. They displayed various cadaver body parts and organs on ten or so tables and talked about different stuff about them one-by-one. Stomachs, blood vessels, brains, half a face, bones, whole limbs, just to give a few examples. It is absolutely disgusting and horrifying, not the cadaver stuff, but rather the way the professors are handling them. I would say any normal human would treat them with care if they so decide to do as little as touching them, but the professor just went all-in poking with their forceps, pens, and whatnot, all without any gloves, mind you. I think the only takeaway I got from that session is that tissues are way tougher than you might think, even well after death. I guess I should've already known this from the dissections I've done in my secondary school. We dissected a pig heart, an ox eye, and a lab rat. And let me tell you right now, it is absolutely horrendously difficult to cut through skin, even with the sharpest razor blade and scissors. I remembered my hand literally hurt for a couple while from all the cutting and incisions I made on the rat. Another thing of note is that after the professor was done poking around a piece of sacrum, I noticed his hands are full of white powder, presumably bone dust. It was both amusing and concerning to witness. The sample was literally crumbling before our own eyes, and this guy just walks in touching and poking it like nobody's business. I guess the embalming fluids or whatever they're called don't absorb well into bones.  
> Anyway, the professors asked relevant questions while poking around the samples. That was the first time it really showed how lacking I am in such knowledge. I mean granted, a lot of the fundamental medical stuff are literally just reciting, which I am not bad at, per se, but I just cannot learn effectively like this. I mean I can recite if need be, but reciting is just a part of my short-term memory, which would literally vanish into non-existence after a couple days tops. I've always found it useful to make dumb theories to aid myself, which I may talk about at a later date. Some classmates, mostly non-locals for some reason, *were* able to answer the questions seemingly off the top of their heads. I guess they weren't kidding when they said in the very first lecture they were going to start studying. I appreciate their determination more than anything. I guess it also helps that they are non-locals, since I presume they wouldn't be here in the first place if not for their competence and hard work.  
> Yea I think I was supposed to talk more about the cadavers and how they were donated and stuff rather than my topic of choice. But I don't suppose there's more to be said about them. Perhaps again at a later date should we have another practical session with a more profound takeaway.
#### First night in my new hostel place
> I have moved in pretty much everything except for food and cookware to my new hostel place. I have finished my shower and am sitting at my desk in the room as of the writing of this. After much anticipation, I have finally met my other roommate. The stuff here in this hostel is much better in pretty much every single aspect. It's more colourful everywhere; it's more clean and pristine; the room is larger and actually has storage potential, with a proper and relatively clean closet; it has a lift; the desk is actually sized reasonably to be used properly; there exist microwaves, ovens, and even an air fryer. I mean it *was* built the most recently among all the other halls in CC, and it *was* my first choice in the preference priority list for hostels. I guess all this hassle translates to me being able to wake up later, and being able to keep on working on stuff at school when it's getting dark. Possibly I'll also have more energy for the day since I have eliminated two daunting commute trips, although I'll have to figure something out for my meals. I'm feeling this entry is becoming some mindless ramble again, so perhaps I should stop right here.

### 07-10-2021
#### HKU night walk with CNok
> Today CNok and I got together to have dinner in Tsim Sha Tsui. It was originally intended to happen on 01/10 as a celebration for his birthday, but he wasn't free allegedly and it was postponed until now. Anyway, we had one of the best ramen I've had. Then we walked around a DONKI store for a bit, before heading off to HKU. He toured me around the HKU centennial building. It is probably safe to say that I have not seen a more gorgeous entrance to a campus before. I was immediately greeted with a long escalator ride, with lights at your feet, the whole ten miles. The wooden walls gave way to a huge mall-like space which was apparently only the lobby for one of the four sub-buildings that make up that campus. It was a huge well-lit space, with huge glass doors and such. We then walked around to find an unoccupied classroom and made it occupied by eating dessert in it. It was well-enjoyed, with the extra bits provided by the computer there. I should state that it had been raining since before we started eating in Tsim Sha Tsui, but it got much heavier when we were at HKU. We walked around the campus more from god-knows-where to god-knows-where.  
> I was pretty amused by the technology incorporated into everything: the doors were mostly automatic; students were able to enter, book, and occupy rooms simply by tapping their student ID card on the reader outside of the classroom doors. The most interesting part is that, we saw a ton of people in the libraries, like literally tons. The entire library was entirely full of students studying and whatnot, and it was already 23:30. Granted, it wasn't too late by then, but still. In CUHK, this is not the case. Students aren't allowed to enter buildings, lectures halls, and classrooms willy-nilly, and it is a rare sight to see the entire library full of students. I guess one reason is that HKU is basically located at the heart of the city, while CUHK is basically in the middle of nowhere. Students would still be able to go anywhere and do whatever even well after operating hours, whereas in CUHK you're as good as toast after MTR had finished their last train and you don't have a hostel place to settle down in.  
> It brings me to the point that there is an entirely different feel between the both of our universities. I'd like to say that HKU is at the heart of a city while CUHK *is* the city, and that would totally be true during that day, but at night, good luck convincing anyone that this huge dark maze of buildings and trees has any semblance of a city. I guess the main reason is that without shuttle buses, CUHK is just a huge mountain with no real easy way of traversal, whereas HKU is compact enough that students could just travel anywhere feasibly by simply walking. And because of that, the university is encouraged to keep its buildings bright and open for everyone. It is basically just a simple virtuous cycle of demand and supply. I guess there wouldn't be much of a reason to stay here late if you don't have a hostel place, and you won't stay late anywhere else other than your hostel place if you have one. To be honest I still don't understand why the "Night Service" shuttle bus' operating hours end at around 23:30 instead of until somewhere around 01:00. They could just dilute the number of buses and it would work just fine. I guess one reason would be that the drivers wouldn't be able to catch the last train. I only got back to my hostel at 00:30 anyway.  
> Some part of me would like to have a go at the university life in all of the (major) universities, but I feel like CUHK would always be my favourite, just because of its authentic culture - you rarely see some superficial stuff here, at least not on the few surface-most layers. Within my limited scope of knowledge, I guess I could describe it as being a mini foreign university, while having Hong Kong's unique university cultures and compactness.

### 08-10-2021
#### Post-midnight in my hostel
> It is 03:00 as of the writing of this. I'm debating whether this entry should go to 08/10 or 07/10 but I don't suppose semantics matter too much here. Anyway, I have just finished working on the group assignment of my BMEG course. Throughout the entire duration of me working, I kept hearing constant door creaks and slams, chattering, and at one point even screaming downstairs. I guess it *is* a Friday today - yesterday's tomorrow, and typically we don't have serious lessons on Friday. This is not a real entry, just some observations.
#### Typhoon Lionrock strikes
> Heavy rain ensued as soon as I woke up today, not that it ever stopped since last night. Apparently the red rainstorm warning was raised in the morning. Fortunately, I only have an assembly via Zoom and nothing else, so I didn't have to endure such horrid atrocities. During the assembly (that I did not pay attention to one single bit), the warning was raised again to black. Lessons later in the day were cancelled automatically. I thought all would be fine and dandy, until I remembered that we still had a zhong meeting later today. It was supposed to be held in the evening at school, but due to the cancelled lessons, they decided to bring it forward to the afternoon and make it a Discord voice chat instead. Well that arrangement was not favourable for me. I was still in the hostel, with my roommates bringing his friends to the room soon, so there is no chance I'm having a meeting there. I was going to go home during the weekends anyway so I just decided to take off and head home immediately. The decision was quite rushed because the rearrangement itself was quite rushed. I can't say I have thought it through too much. I think it is now the time I should describe the outdoors condition. The rain was heavy, as heavy as it could be. While it wasn't the worst I've seen, it was up there somewhere. Funnily enough, the rain itself wasn't the biggest problem, but rather the wind it came with. It made the rain go in all sorts of directions. It was quite impossible to use an umbrella properly. It was a battle against the rain and wind indeed. To make matters worse, I had my laptop in my backpack, so it's not like I can just wing it and embrace the rain. And for some godforsaken reason, I decided to wear shoes instead of slippers against my roommate's advice, and by the time I reached the MTR station, I think they had accumulated enough water to fill up an entire aquarium. That chain of horrible decisions and I was starting to believe that staying in the hostel would have be the better choice. But anyhow, I still managed to get home relatively dry-ish, if you ignore the bucket-load of water in my shoes. At least my backpack was waterproof enough to not get my laptop wet. I was a little late and it was already past when the meeting was supposedly going to start. But due to technical difficulties and whatnot, I didn't actually miss a thing. The meeting itself was unremarkable and not the point of focus here. I'd really hope something insightful would arise from this but I don't suppose I learned too much except not to attempt such a feat again.

### 11-10-2021
#### Kompasu follows Lionrock
> Yes, it is quite ridiculous. Lionrock has barely left Hong Kong and apparently another one is already coming. Kompasu was initially going northeast from the east of the Philippines, and I guess it just decided it didn't want to go that direction anymore and made a sharp left turn right towards Hong Kong. Yeah it's quite ridiculous. It's said that it would be another level 8 typhoon so I guess I will possibly be trapped in my hostel for the week. Speaking of which, I just had dinner "for the first time" in CUHK at Chung Chi Canteen. I thought it was still quite early when I headed there at ~20:30, but apparently the place closes absurdly early at 21:00 and they started shutting down the lights when I'm halfway through my meal. But according to my roommate, ***apparently*** it is already the one place that closes the latest. This place is quite insane really. In conjunction to what I've already talked about in [HKU night walk with CNok](#hku-night-walk-with-cnok), I guess CUHK just isn't a night-owl-friendly place. So I guess this is another sign that I should really stop procrastinating and start cooking stuff in the hostel, seeing as I tend not to be able to stop eating stuff even well past midnight. As you might have noticed, this entry is barely related to its title anyway so I should probably stop and wait until something else evolves.

### 12-10-2021
#### Academic competence
> Coursework and assignments are starting to get daunting, especially as the midterm is coming. The frequency of assignments are starting to increase and so is the pace of lectures. I used to think I was able to tackle the stuff in year 1 with relative ease, since I have studied a lot of them in my free time already, as a part of my Wikipedia deep dives or just simply out of my own interest. Although they have certainly given me an edge, dare I say it, over my mates, it is definitely waning. I would say the vivid moment this thought popped up is during that anatomy practical. It is not just a meme that what's taught in lectures had little to do with the assignments themselves. I was the one to assist in assignments at the start of the term, and now I feel like it's mostly the other way round. I have lapsed, yes, there is nothing more to said about this. My first midterm is coming next Saturday on 23/10. Maths midterm, it is. I suppose Maths *is* my strongest suit among all the other ones I'm studying right now, so I'm looking forward to perform myself in this test. Although I'll have to say that I've noticed I have become a lot more careless now than I ever had been during my secondary school years. I have been making tons of random and dumb mistakes all over the place. I guess myself being more and more insecure about my own competence is one of the factors that play into this, but if this goes on it would just be a horribly destructive vicious cycle. I really hope to get my sharpness back soon, perhaps if I start doing past papers, I could realign the few brain cells that I've left and have them work at more than half capacity. I have always had this kind of high whenever I do Maths or anything related to it for an extended period of time. It was quite addictive to be honest, I could just go through paper after paper of Maths and Physics without end. That kind of high could last for a while even if I happen to hit a wall and I would just power through with relative ease. I believe this is the kind of flow game designers talk about so often. It's the delicate balance of power and challenge to keep players on the edge and engaged. Now that I talk about it, I believe some game design principles could be applied to exam setting, but I doubt they ever will since exams were never the main point of this whole ordeal, but I think the devilish people in the HKEAA could learn a few things from such principles, for better or worse. I have noticed I have veered off-topic again. I will start doing past papers starting tomorrow, I hope to get my old self back. Wow that made me sound old.

### 13-10-2021
#### Self-awareness
> As you may have noticed, I tend to say that I veer off-topic a lot in these entries. This is a sort of self-awareness I guess. Toby and I have talked about this before. He commented that I was quite self-aware of what I say/type. For example, if a conversation is starting to get stale, or I've found that something I've said didn't quite land right, I would straight up just point it out and kinda do a fourth-wall breaking moment. It may sound cringey, jarring, or disregarding of the flow of the conversation, but I am willing to say that it helps more than it does harm. It's not like I'm doing them too consciously anyway. They just kinda pop into my mind and I would just feel the urge to point it out as the next logical step in the conversation. Like most things, it extends out of just conversations. Even when I'm in my own thoughts, I would do this. I would a lot of the times go meta and think about why I'm having the thought I was having. To put simply, I would randomly start psycho-analysing myself. This can sometimes also extend to psycho-analysing other people just because, although I tend not to do that very often. I realise this is a tough topic to try to explain, but I figured if you don't get it, then it probably doesn't concern you much anyway. I would do this even to my own actions, not only thoughts. But as you might have guessed, it could get meta again and I would be thinking about why I'm having a meta thought all of a sudden, and then it would just keep going deeper and deeper into this meta rabbit-hole. Yes, it does make be blank for a moment and I may randomly stop whatever I happen to be doing prior to this whole mental trip. It may sound really counter-productive, and to be fair it could be sometimes, but I think this is some sort of self-criticism mechanism. I do believe this kind of self-questioning behaviour did a lot to help me understand myself, more particularly, my thought process. I have talked about noticing myself going light-headed during showers in [Undiagnosed ailments](#undiagnosed-ailments), and I think it may be a part of this mechanism. I could be doing something slightly off or inaccurate, and then my senses would start to tingle before this self-questioning start to kick in. For example, I could be going on a wrong though process in a question, or logical deduction, I would be able to feel like something doesn't add up and most of the time it would help me correct myself before my mistakes start to manifest themselves. It's something like the old Chinese saying "you should rethink your own actions many times per day". I'm noticing that I'm being really vague here and I'm well-aware that I lack the articulatory capability to express this fully, but I really hope I got whatever I tried to say out there. I mean this process *is* pretty vague by its own nature. Perhaps if I should find a better way to put this into words, I would make another entry.

### 14-10-2021
#### New phone
> I finally got a phone. The old one was a ***Huawei Honour AL-10*** and it broke ages ago, one or two months before DSE. The screen shattered and there were pieces of glass sticking out sometimes and it would be annoying. This new one is a ***Mi 11 Lite 5G***. I also got a new pair of earbuds with it: ***Mi True Wireless Earphones 2 Pro***. As per every time I had switched phones, I had to undergo the whole data transfer process, and it has always infuriated me. It struck me as odd that there is still not a perfect data transfer method outside of the Apple ecosystem. I guess it would be because of Android's non-standardisation given by its flexibility. But even then it still makes little sense. Sure, the Android ecosystem was wild a few years back, with all the tech companies innovating, trying new form factors and new gimmicks. But now? I don't suppose it would be the case anymore. The Android ecosystem has settled down for the most part, and as well it should. Everything is digital nowadays anyway, so I don't believe this wouldn't be something tech companies would like to invest in. Even Google themselves don't seem to be able to make this process seamless. There exist millions of data transfer apps out there and I could guarantee there isn't one that can transfer everything within reason. You'd think I am asking for too much here but I really ain't. All I'm looking for is something that can transfer all your files, contacts, apps, and basic settings. I don't suppose this would be too hard. Even the manufacturers of the phones couldn't seem to do that. But this problem extends far beyond phones. Computers also suffer from this, although I would argue to a much lesser extent. This may be something of a bias though, because I generally like to keep things on my computers clean and concise, whereas that on my phone is generally quite unorganised. As of the writing of this, I still have not yet finished the data transfer process, and I already am seeing duplicated contacts and whatnot. Such jank, such annoyance. Tomorrow I have a lecture at 14:30 and now it's already 04:43 as of this very sentence. Please for the love of god somebody make an app that works before I have to switch phones again... or perhaps I could be that somebody? I doubt I have that kind of time but it should be a ~~fun~~ peculiar project.

### 16-10-2021
#### Some sort of cousin get-together
> Today my maternal cousins got together and had lunch. The lunch was mediocre at best but it's really not the main point. I don't see them very often in general due to some sort of childhood trauma/ dark history and really I just do not have the motive or intention or reason to go there anyway. It was said that it was held to celebrate me getting into university which struck me as an odd thing to celebrate about considering me getting into a university was not a doubt to begin for objective reasons, and that I did not even get into the programme I had intended to due to the extremely underwhelming DSE result. I used to be quite touchy and sensitive talking about DSE and university in general when it was still considered fresh news, and although it has died down a bit, there is still a sort of unease in my soul whenever this becomes the topic of discussion. Anyway, this is the year that they will be taking the DSE exam. One of them actually deferred a year due to shenanigans with his Maths teacher being an asshole and whatnot but that's besides the point. They, well, it was mostly him, asked questions about the exam and I gave my views and advice accordingly, which I actually wasn't sure was good advice to begin with since I guess I wasn't able to get too far with them myself, did I? It's honestly been quite a long time since I've seen him at all, and even longer since we have actually talked for an extended period of time. I guess we used to play as kids but it was mainly a form of distraction from the absurdly boring family unions. As you might have guessed, I am not too emotionally invested in my maternal side, again for childhood traumatic reasons I don't think I am going to, or ever will get into. Even though he is older than me, I for some godforsaken reason had weird thoughts like "oh my god he grew up so much" or some old people stuff like that, and we have never even had that kind of relationship to begin with. If you're wondering why I didn't mention the other cousin is because she is actually my step-cousin and I don't think we have even talked before at all. I guess she was quiet or shy anyway even though I'm barely older than her(?). Either way, we chatted more after the meal at my grandmother's house and it was about some broader topics. He seemed quite intrigued by university life, which to be fair, I don't know why he didn't ask his own older brother but I guess he has always been more estranged than he was (Yes I'm aware of the pronouns). I really felt like I was talking to someone who is both close and a stranger at the same time. I can't say I have too much similar experiences ever. And for your information, he studies Chinese History and Chinese Literature, which I already completely do not understand, and was said to be decent at Maths, which I find an interesting combination. As for my step-cousin, I was supposed to tutor her for the past summer but the deal just didn't go through for reasons I don't think I ever learned. As of the writing of this, I realised that I don't even know the English names of my cousins, nor do I don't that they even exist. Intimate relationships I know. The rest was unremarkable and I doubt I got the takeaway if there was one.

### 19-10-2021
#### One small step at a time
> This had been on my list of things to do in university since before I'm here. I had wanted to start doing exercises in whatever form regularly during my university years, especially during my stay in the hostel (i.e. this year). I got some friends and ran 6 laps around the field today. I have done this before in my PE lesson, which was quite exhausting to be honest. I think I got something like 14m53s. I almost died that time, with myself almost blacking out during a large part of that. I don't think I had enough blood sugar then, but again I doubt it had much to contribute to my long-term stamina. I'm glad to say that this time I no longer felt like blacking out constantly, but rather dehydrated. I could taste blood in my mouth during the later laps and for some time after I've finished. I've also been wearing a better pair of running shoes compared to last time so at least my feet didn't feel like burning from friction(?) afterwards. Either way, it felt much less demanding than my first ever attempt at running 6 laps, but my time somehow got even worse, clocking in at 14m56s. I guess it wasn't much of a time difference, and I definitely didn't feel like my entire respiratory system was collapsing during the laps as I did the first time, although my ribs, diaphragm, and abs did still expressed sharp pains. So I would say this *was* an improvement despite my time saying otherwise. Maybe I had just been running more slowly than I had before? To be fair, I had been keeping up at an excellent time per lap of around 2mins for the first 3 laps before I had to start walking to catch my breath. For the last few laps, I alternated between jogging and fast walking.  
> I haven't mentioned it yet, but the reason we were jogging was that running 6 laps is a part of the examination of our PE class. I think I will keep this up weekly at least, but I'd really like to integrate some gym sessions into the routine and work on that too ('cus it's another part of the examination). Weirdly enough, however, I wasn't particularly hungry after that and I couldn't even finish half of a moderately large meal, although I guess I did pour a whole bottle of water down my throat due to the aforementioned seeming dehydration. I actually was about to throw up right then and there 'cus of the stomach-load of water but eventually didn't.  
> I have always had terrible stamina. I would feel horribly exhausted and dehydrated after running even 100 meters during my primary school years, so I just stuck with just 60 meters. Conversely, I had excellent explosiveness which I guess played a role into my choice of going 60 meters only. I guess this was one of the reasons why I hated 4x100m races despite my teachers and classmates rooting for me a whole lot, which was, to be honest, the major reason I dropped out of the class 4x100m races. I realise I am withholding quite a bit of lore everywhere in this journal but I'd like to keep everything neat and organised, so I'll have to say this shall be a story for another time as tantalising as it is.
#### Progress for tedious tasks
> I've always had a way to kinda monitor the progress of tedious tasks while not making them psychologically daunting. A lot of people say that it would be best not to think about the task if you'd like it to go faster, but I'd suggest otherwise. Not only is it not feasible to just wing it and not plan about such tasks beforehand. I found that splitting then into arbitrarily small pieces would usually do that trick. For example, let's say there is a boring lecture that lasts for a whole 3 hours. The way I would make it easier is to set milestones, such as 10%, ¼, ⅓, 50%, or break down the entire duration of the task and do a countdown, like counting down from 300 every 5 minutes. For the most part it should work just fine, and should it fail, I could still implement a combination of these strategies. A thing that I used to do but not anymore is to do binary counting with my fingers. I would do that and try to do it in reverse, then invert the state of the fingers, and then the reverse of that. It could usually eat up a lot of time but in exchange I would have sore fingers at the end of that. As in the previous entry, my goal was to run a lap in 2 minutes, and I would break it up into 4 sections, each containing 100 meters and I would count down from 30 for each section. That would generally be a good enough distraction to make time fly. This entry really doesn't have too much significance, oh well.
#### Mental reality hypothetical
> There is a hypothetical that I just can't stop myself thinking about from time to time. What if everything I've ever learned about this world is all in my head? Everything I've seen, heard, tasted, done, what if they are all just a figment of my imagination? What if the real me is psychotic, and that I have been literally living in my own head this whole time? For all I know, I could be in a padded cell in some mental asylum, and from an outsider's perspective, I'm just acting out random things and saying random things that the virtual me is "actually" doing or saying. Or alternatively, I could just be completely naked on the streets somewhere and I'm just acting like it's normal and going about my day willy-nilly. It's sort of like a dream, but also not. It would be some sort of reality dream, if you may. Everything could have just been made up by me entirely too. Nothing may be found in my dream that is in the "real world". But to be honest, what would it matter if it turned out this is the case? I wouldn't know the difference, for once, and neither do I think there is a way to tell the virtual apart from the real. Could this be what actual psychotic patients are experiencing? Well, I'm asking like I couldn't be one of them, but yeah.  
> I guess this hypothetical extended from a thought I've discussed with numerous people. What we see, hear, or taste could be completely different, and we would be none the wiser. For example, my red could be your green, and yours could be my blue. It just so happens that we were taught since we were little that this neuron excitation is called "red" whereas that is "green". The same thing could be said to other senses. Could this be way some people like a particular food more than others? It could be the best taste of the world for one but the most disgusting taste possible for another. It's not like we could just swap consciousness and test this theory, not that it would matter anyway. If everything is so inconsistent to the point where it *is* consistently inconsistent, does that not make it constant? I'm not pulling this from my ass either. Scientists have found a gene that would make someone taste bitterness where others couldn't; or that some disorders would make someone not be able to feel an emotion or feeling. I think this should be enough prove that my theory could actually be true. Maybe I have something like that even. I mean I couldn't tell you what hunger feels like. Most people would just say they feel it in their stomachs but I do not have that kind of feeling at all, or rather if I do, I didn't associate it with hunger at all. Instead, I just kind feel like I want to eat and that would be that. I guess you could say my habit of eating is based more on impulse than necessity(?). Or I could be a complete fool, and that the feel/urge to eat *is* hunger. Either way, it would be impossible to tell unless you could get into someone's head, not figuratively.

### 20-10-2021
#### Academic frenzy
> It is definitely not common that there could be a theme that runs through your whole day. Today's theme would be academics. Perhaps it was because of the looming Mathematics midterm examination, seemingly everybody was in an academic mood, even outside of Mathematics. In fact, we have been doing Maths past papers together for 2 days already. I didn't make an entry about it yesterday because there was simply too much going on there already, but we went to Martin's hostel place again to do Maths past papers together. It was surprisingly productive without much interludes. We got stuck in a few questions and they were carried over to today. We decided to ask the professor during today's class but I ultimately was able to figure out the solution to two of them before having to ask him about the third question.  
> Then it was in the anatomy class which I had previously deemed boring. The course is actually called ***Human Anatomy and Physiology***. However, it is not until today that physiology started being taught. In my defence, anatomy *is* a boring topic. I mean it is *literally* just reciting terms and phrases and terms and phrase. It is dull, dry, and uninspiring, barring the occasional eureka moment when you figure out the roots of a composite term; whereas physiology concerns more of the actual mechanisms and interactions between different systems and such, from interactions as macro as how a stimulus can trigger a certain response through this chain of reactions, to those as micro as how an electrical impulse propagates through nerves cell via ion migration shenanigans. It is definitely a much more intriguing topic in my book. I know a lot of people may disagree, and would suggest that simple reciting is just what they need, but I cannot disagree more. I simply am not that kind of learner. I guess this is why I chose Physics and Chemistry as two of my electives in the first place (Biology was kind of an odd ball but it was an interesting enough subject). I'm not saying that there aren't terms and phrases one would need to recite, but they just simply make way more sense since basically all the terms are composite. It would be comparable to assembling words into a sentence instead of learning an entirely new language. For example, *leukocyte* is the scientific term for white blood cells, with *leuko-* being "white" in Latin, and *-cyte* being "cell" in Latin; and with *-osis* being "increase" in Latin, *leukocytosis* would be "an increased level of white blood cells". It simply works without you questioning it. All one has to do is to familiarise themselves to a relative handful of root words instead of an entire dictionary of jumbled letters. Either way, this was basically the only lesson in this entire course so far that I actually paid attention to some extent. Remember when I said everybody was in an academic mood? People actually started discussing Maths and Biology during the class and got me involved. It is always inspiring whenever I lead someone to the discovery of word composition. Their eureka moments are so precious it's almost orgasmic. I don't know too much about anywhere else, but this skill is undoubtedly essential to studying Biology. I guess it applies to Chemistry to some extent but I wouldn't say it counts too much.  
> Anyway, after class finished, we went to Martin's hostel place again to do more Maths. It was the third day in a row that I have been there. It was definitely a weird reason to head to someone's hostel place considering the normal popular choice is one of the dozen libraries we have here. Again it was surprisingly productive objectively, even though I feel like my brain was stuck for the most part.I haven't said this anywhere and I don't think I even noticed it until the writing of this very sentence, but I may be giving myself a lot of stress in the upcoming midterm. It is some sort of subconscious expectation of my Mathematics capability I guess. I guess I simply have not been doing enough Maths to keep myself in the flow I would find myself in a lot during my secondary school years. For once, I'm actually lacking in past papers and exercises to do.  
> I would say I'm now in the state I used to find a lot of my classmates in when they were stuck in problems: inflexibility. The inability to use all tools at one's disposal (theorems, theories, techniques, identities) to solve a seemingly difficult problem. I would go as far as to say that I was pretty good at navigating confusing or misleading questions during my secondary school years, definitely much better than whatever I'm doing right now. It could be the lot of new theorems, or it could just be my brain slowing down or my sloth asserting itself, whatever it is it's not helping. But hey, at least I found an incorrectly set question. However, I'm glad to say that I still haven't lost my sharp sixth sense where I could practically sniff out the general direction the solution should lie in, or traps the setter has embedded into the questions. I still stand by the notion that Mathematics and its derivatives should only be done with pencils. I believe it is some psychological trick where one would be more willing and daring to experiment with wild approaches because pencils are generally considered to be non-permanent. Working with pencils should encourage you to try out more methods despite them looking sketchy. I would argue that this habit of being more open to experimentations also affect your mental process to encourage the enumeration of all possible methods. I would find out some possible logic chains that I'm quite certain would exist somewhere in the solution, and in combination with different observations and techniques, I would simply play connect the dots and would figure out a path to the solution. While this method of mentally solving problem may be able to give me an answer pretty much all the time, they tend to be really convoluted with much redundancy and inefficiency. Instead of committing to the first approach you come up with like most people, I tend to put it aside in favour of finding a better solution. It's like what they say about chess: "when you find a good move, find a better one". I'm aware this sounds quite floaty and ungrounded, but I *did* say it comes from my sixth sense which I guess is my intuition. Perhaps this iterative process of finding more elegant solutions than the first one *is* what makes Maths and its derivatives addictive to me. Maybe that is the "high" I was talking about. I guess I should find someone with Mathematics symbols coursing through their veins to ask about this (\**ahem*\* Toby \**ahem*\*).

### 21-10-2021
#### Lecture time allocations
> I have just gone through the Maths lecture notes, five chapters of them, and I've found that they are actually much shorter than I felt them being. It is weird really, because it seems that the lecturers spend the same amount of time for each and every topic, no matter it being basic definitions or some complicated theorem. I don't believe this is a good way to use the limited lecture hours, not by a long shot. I would go as far as to say that its *only* merit is the ease of progress tracking and time allocation. As you might be able to tell, it is exceedingly boring for students to listen to the lecturer talk about definitions and what the symbols and notations mean, for a whole hour. For instance, in the very first lecture, he talked about mathematics set symbols, as most university Maths courses like to do. It concerned symbols like '{ }', '∈', '***R***', ':', '∪' and such, and that was basically it. While I do believe definitions and properties are important to get right, I still don't believe they deserve as much attention as was given. It also gave students a wrong sense of difficulty, that if the lecturer spends this much time talking about trivial stuff, the course mustn't be too hard or demanding. However, this left not much time for the other topics that actually require more time and explanation. I found that theorems were kind of rushed through. Basically the lecturer would just talk about it for a while, then do one or two examples, and that would be it. It was definitely not enough time for students to explore the intricacies of the material. I get that students are expected to spend a lot of self-study time, even more so than lecture hours, but I doubt that should be an excuse for the improper allocation of time. Perhaps it is a policy given by the Maths Department, or it might simply be the lecturer himself, although I doubt the latter seeing that he had a lot of teaching experiences. Mathematics can definitely seem alien if you get on the wrong side of it. It simply does not tolerate inaccuracies in one's understanding of it. Maybe I should mend my statement about the notes being short. I should have said that it consists of only few important theorems surrounded by filler. In contrast, I would say the Physics course is arranged much better. Everything there *is* important, and this comes from the eyes of someone who has studied most of the covered topics in secondary school. Not to downplay their work, but maybe it is to no merit of the lecturer or the department, rather the lack of filler being a nature of physics in a way. I guess this should also mean it would take much longer to study for Physics. Speaking of which, its midterm is coming in two weeks, in-between of something like three other non-small assignments. Either way, the Maths midterm is on 23/10 and I should definitely focus on finishing all the past papers tomorrow.

### 22-10-2021
#### Samples taken for body-check
> This would just be a short entry. This morning I went to a medical diagnostic laboratory in Sha Tin to have my samples taken. It was the body-check I mentioned I'd like to do. I had a chest x-ray, ECG, and my blood and urine samples taken. The needle used for the blood sample is really uncomfortable for reasons I can't explain. Perhaps it was purely psychological but the nurse seemed to have some trouble taking a second vial of blood. Either way, I'm quite tired now 'cus I didn't sleep much last night. I guess I'll have a nap before starting studying for the Maths midterm tomorrow.

### 23-10-2021
#### Mathematics midterm
> Today was the midterm. I'll cut straight to the chase: it did not go well. Let's not mention those that I couldn't do yet. I did some tallying after the exam, and I found that I have lost at least 22 points just because of careless mistakes, and that was already a generous estimate. I have no clue how I managed do perform so poorly. Time constraint was definitely one of the reasons. I literally figured out the solution at the very last moment but I couldn't finish writing it down. I would make an excuse that the TA wasted my time by not communicating what he wanted clearly and properly when checking my Student ID. I have no clue what was wrong with him but he acted like he was mute and resorted to only gesturing, resulting in about half a minute of wasted time. You might think 30 seconds wouldn't make much of a difference but I could vividly remember that he killed my train of thought and my momentum simply due to his incompetence. It's not like he couldn't speak Cantonese either, because I know we have conversed in Cantonese before. That aside, there really only were 3 questions that I legitimately had no clue, two short questions, and a part of a long question. I would say I did great just based on that, but for the questions that I did know the solution for, I messed up due to simply being careless. It was dumb. It's not like I didn't practise beforehand, although I would add that the format of the paper changed from year to year without rhyme or reason. The whole thing was 90 minutes long, with 25 questions totalling to 150 points. I heard that one would need to attain 90% to get an A although I doubt the source of this information is accurate. I suppose there is no point crying over spilt milk. There *is* still a Physics midterm coming so I should get prepared for that seeing it would be much harder than this Maths midterm.

### 24-10-2021
#### Rushed "group" assignments
> As of the writing of this, the BMEG group assignment has barely "finished". Well, to be honest, it had been rather unsatisfactorily done so. The assignment was to be done by 23:59 every Sunday. However, it hadn't yet been even started at 22:00. Before you silently judge me and comment that it *was* a group project and that I shouldn't have such an attitude, I'll have you know that we had previously decided that one of us would write the rough base of the assignment to be added upon by the others. The role was supposed to rotate between us, but as you might have guessed, some of them had decided that they be less than unenthusiastic about it and would pass their turn. So, long story short, it had evolved to only myself and one other guy writing the base ever. I mean I had written the thing last week so I didn't assume I'd had to work on it too much this time, considering I'd really like to take some sort of a break after my Maths midterm yesterday. After I checked on the progress of the assignment, I was shocked that the file hadn't even existed yet on our shared drive, not even a blank document. I immediately did so and urged them in our Whatsapp group. To their credit, they did respond rather quickly and was showing enthusiasm in the completion of the assignment, for roughly 1 minute. They basically all went offline after responding that they would do something. Great. So anyhow, I wrote two paragraphs or so and got stuck, so I went for dinner. And two hours later when I was back, literally nothing had changed. I quickly got one more paragraph in with ideas and arguments I'm not too sure about and basically called it done. It is 23:26 as of the writing of this very sentence and I believe it might help to clear my thoughts by writing this entry. I should get back to the assignment for final amendments and such. See you on the other side.### 

### 25-10-2021
#### iPad arrived
> Finally today is the day where I can acquire the long-awaited iPad. I have ordered it at the start of October and I have waited basically a whole month for it to arrive. I would finally be able to do work relatively easily and go paperless once and for all. Gone are the times where unorganised papers would haunt my dreams. I wouldn't even need to carry much around anymore, and would't have to worry about whether I *have* all the stuff that I'd need, because the iPad *would* be what I'd need. I realise I sound like a caveman who just figured out the purpose of a stick, but aren't we all cavemen behind this superficial mask? I'm still in the middle of figuring things out and setting things up. I would estimate it could be fully operational later this week once I buy the iPad cover and screen protector, lest it somehow slip through the cracks between my fingers. I guess I do have the Apple care plan so it wouldn't be too great of a deal if that should happen. Technology is such a marvel; and wow, am I old.

### 26-10-2021
#### Fridge arrived
> My roommates and I had decided that we would like to have a fridge in our room. One of them had ordered one and it arrived today. He had been giving us the impression that it would be a small mini-fridge type thing but it is actually a full-blown small fridge, measuring at 50×50×90 cm³. I guess a small one wouldn't have costed $1500 but it's not like I had bought a fridge before to know their price anyway. It was so big we could barely find a place to house it. Honestly I have no clue why we even bought it but I guess it does have some uses. It is brand new too. I guess I didn't realise how good fridges can be when they are new. All the fridges I have encountered in my life barely functions, but I guess that should be more due to how full they are. I don't suppose I should keep talking about fridges. They can only get so interesting. One more thing I'd like to to note is that I had to move it from the "streets" where the delivery guy had dropped it at up to our room by myself 'cus I was the only one free at that time. It was mildly difficult and the hard nylon strings/ropes/zipties hurt my palm a lot. I don't believe we have come to a consensus about its fate once the year was up and we would have to move out, but I guess we would have until May to figure that out.

### 27-10-2021
#### Midnight oil
> Today was very jam-packed. As of the writing of this, it is 03:27 past midnight. I woke up at 09:20 to have breakfast before my PE lesson. After that exhausting session I had lessons all the way without breaks until 18:15. I would have been able to head back to my hostel had we not also have a pre-pre-consultation for the zhong. So we had a meeting with our previous zhong from 19:00 to 22:00 after we had a few snacks, lest we pass out from literal exhaustion. Then Martin and I decided it would be a good idea to start studying for the upcoming midterms at the University Library, which brings us here, where I have finally gotten back to my hostel place at 03:30. He left at around 02:20 I believe while I stayed until 03:00. It was surprisingly effective to be honest. I though I would be too exhausted to study at all but I am the kind of person who wouldn't stop for anything once I started doing something. We were studying for the ***Anatomy and Physiology*** midterm and I decided to study chronologically, which meant to start with anatomy. That was a grave mistake. It took me so much time just to get through one PowerPoint. I didn't even finish the second pass before giving up. It burnt so much of my fuel and time. I think it alone ate something like 40% of my remaining energy. I switched to studying physiology afterwards and left anatomy for another day. It was the right call. I managed to go through 2 physiology PowerPoints before I felt my concentration and energy lacking. Honestly I believe the reason I burn midnight oil so much is that I kinda have to get myself warmed up before I can do anything effectively and efficiently. It is kinda similar to the kind of high I'd get when doing Maths but with studying. There would be a peak productivity something like 30 minutes in, and it would last for around an hour or so before it would start to drop and tiredness show itself. Martin kinda gave up anatomy and physiology half-way through in favour of studying Physics/Maths (idk I didn't pay too much attention). I guess music blasting from my noise-cancelling earbuds definitely helped.  
> To be honest, I admire Martin. He is as hard-working as one can be. He has that kind of determination to improve and to tackle what he is not good at. He didn't take Physics nor M2 in secondary school but he's getting the hang of it extremely quickly, with generous amounts of assistance from myself. He undertook a lot of work, curricular and extra-curricular, I'd even say more than he could chew, but he somehow manages, for now. He didn't come from the best school and it was even a Chinese secondary school which makes it extra hard for him to re-learn everything in English. He is coping insanely well and I have no clue how. I have witnessed for the past 2-3 weeks how packed his schedule is and how he is constantly working on assignments and studying non-stop, all-the-while being in a zhong and helping with an event of his college. I would say he has worked harder within this week than I have been this whole month. I too, have more than a handful of assignments, exams, and tasks hanging in front of me at any time. I can already tell I will be struggling with them immensely next week and I'm not looking forward to it. I guess at least there will be a day off on Friday 29/10 due to some CUHK holiday so I can't say it is as bad as it would have been.  
> I think I had more I'd like to say when I started this but it is already 03:54 as of this very sentence, so I guess I should be signing off now.

### 28-10-2021
#### Shaw-lane with CNok
> CNok had spontaneously decided to come to CUHK for some reason. I got a phone call from him right after my classes ended. It just so happened that there is an event celebrating the anniversary of Shaw College. So we met up and went to the event. We missed the first part of the event where there were booths selling different stuff. But we were in time for the show. There was a stage where singers were invited to perform on. The crowd was so huge we could barely see a thing so I tried to sneak our way to the back. Anyway, we got in and honestly I found it mildly boring. We stood there listening for a while before I toured him the study common of Shaw College. We headed back out to the performance half an hour before it ended and we soon left the place. It may sound dull but honestly it is just because I am currently too tired to have any motivation to continue writing. Actually, CNok invited me to stay in his hostel for the night just for the fun or it, but considering my midterms and stuff I kindly declined his offer. Honestly it ended a lot sooner than I had thought, but I guess there is an intrinsic limitation as to how late an event can go on until, since you wouldn't want people stranded in CUHK with the MTR and other commute options all shut down. I guess it's a shame really. There is not much to write about, again because of my lacking energy, so this would be it I guess.

### 29-10-2021
#### Medical concerns
> I got the aforementioned body check report back. It wasn't too interesting barring some technical shenanigans with age and reference values, except for one note. Apparently, from the ECG, the posterior left ventricular nerve of my heart is slower than usual, whatever that means. I for once, had never heard of a diagnosis such as that. From the little medical knowledge that I have, I believe it should only lead to a decrease in cardiac output without much significant impact. But I guess if the analysis had deemed it noteworthy, then I should probably pay some attention to it. My dad requested a referral to Cardiology, so I guess I'll have to wait for that.

## November

### 01-11-2021
#### 18th birthday
> Yes I do feel old. To be honest, it is rather funny to have such a seemingly monumental celebration to this rather insignificant number set by the law. But I'm not here to talk about psychology and sociology, so let's get to the point.  
> I woke up quite early in the morning to study for my dreaded Anatomy and Physiology midterm exam. I got in 3 hours of studying before I had to attend my Maths class. Louis and I went to ***Café Tolo*** in ***Lee Woo Sing College***. I had an all-day breakfast with hot chocolate, a waffle, and ice cream while he had waffles and ice cream. It was good, but rather expensive. Though perhaps I would eat there again if I could get someone with the discount to tag along. During the "meal", Efren texted me out of nowhere that he would like to come to CUHK just because and sit-in my Maths class. He ended up arriving 10 minutes before the lecture ended, and he decided it should be best not to come in to the classroom and ended up waiting outside standing. I toured him around CUHK for a bit before starting to head back to the MTR station. I wanted to get something from my hostel place on the way and he managed to sneak into it where so many others had failed. We then went to ***Langham Place*** where CNok proposed before waiting for something like half an hour before he and Samuel arrived. He was supposed to have booked a restaurant but apparently he hadn't. Fortunately, we only had to walk around the mall for less than 5 minutes before we were given a table in that moderately crowded restaurant.  
> It was some sort of hands-on Japanese hot plate meal thing. We had to cook and assemble the food on the hot plate ourselves. I cannot imagine this is a very risk-free business model with all the hot oil and smoke flying all over the place. It was quite an interesting (and exhausting) experience to have to cook and assemble the things like that. Actually, the dishes were quite sophisticated that we had to read the tutorial to know what to do with them. Honestly, all the flipping and stuff went much more swimmingly than I had expected. There wasn't much else too noteworthy expect it made my clothes and bag reek of oil and smoke even until the writing of this a day later.  
> After the meal, we travelled to Tsim Sha Tsui and sat along the Victoria Harbour. CNok brought out a blueberry cheesecake with a piece of chocolate with my name on it, and starting taking pictures and whatnot. The cake was honestly less tasty than it should've been given how expensive it was but ultimately not too disappointing. CNok then gifted me a satchel. From what I managed to overhear, they all paid for it together so it's not like it was coming from only him.  
> Like I said, I never cared about ceremonious stuff too much. So really the get-together itself was enough of a celebration. I'm not too sure why I don't have too much to talk about right here, but as for most things, I tend to have to take time to have them sink in before I can formulate an opinion. I guess I'll have to wait for a while before that manifests itself in me. But for now, the most prominent manifestation is the logistical nuisance that comes with it, namely having to get my credentials, bank accounts, and declarations registered or modified.

### 03-11-2021
#### Anatomy and Physiology CA1
> I just finished taking the midterm exam for Anatomy and Physiology and I don't think it could've gone much better. It was a Multiple-Choice test with 21 questions to be answered in 30 minutes. I was able to do a first pass in 8 minutes with only 3 questions I was unsure about. I guess I could say it had gone rather smoothly, as smoothly as it could ever have been. I have spent so much time in the past week studying for it, something around 40+ hours, which was definitely more longer than I have studied for any one subject. But, I don't think this title was just since a lot of those hours could be saved had I been actually paying attention during the lectures. I spent time with my friends studying and also an entire weekend studying in my hostel place. While I can't say all of those hours were spent as effectively as they could have been, they were definitely not unproductive. Honestly I think some of the hours spent studying with my friends were more productive than those alone, although it varied quite dramatically.  
> ***Anatomy and Physiology*** was definitely the class I dreaded, and thus procrastinated the most among everything else before I started studying for it. Honestly, I expected it to be more challenging, but it really wasn't too bad. I guess the majority of dread came from the Anatomy part since it mainly consists of reciting and nothing else. I kinda expected that before I started studying, but still took more time than I had planned for. Contrarily, the Physiology was a lot easier than I had expected and had taken me way less time and effort than expected. I think another reason I procrastinated was because I kinda felt like this would be something like a proof to myself that I could potentially be capable of studying Medicine.  
> Honestly, studying for this wasn't too different from studying for DSE Biology, which was kinda unexpected, given how different the circumstances were. Sure, I couldn't skip parts as liberally as I could for the DSE syllabus, but it was still relatively, dare I say it, relaxing to study for. Some topics were completely covered by DSE syllabus so I barely even needed to revise them at all; and a lot of the Physiology slides were redundant being alternative conceptualisations and presentations to the same ideas as the previous slides. I guess they were really the saving grace for me, since if not or them, I would surely not have enough time to go through the entire syllabus in time. I would say I had been quite thorough with my studies, frequently making flowcharts and tables to aid myself. Honestly, they helped more than I had imagined. Basically I could save studying a whole 10 slides for every flowchart/table I made, whereas for DSE, my own flowcharts and tables barely helped. I guess it could be that the teaching materials were already so concise and precise you couldn't have done too much as an improvement whereas the professors here supposedly wouldn't want to waste too much time nitpicking their slides if they could already get the point across just fine. One thing I'll say is that I'll definitely start to pay more attention to the lectures from now on, at least for all the Physiology lectures. Heck, maybe I could even just go through the lecture notes myself during the lectures if I find them boring.  
> There isn't much else to mention except we also had another practical session after the exam, which wasn't too noteworthy except for what had already been mentioned in the previous entry about practicals. Physics midterm is coming on 06/11, so I should probably start studying for it now.

### 04-11-2021
#### Zhong profile picture taking
> Today we went to ***CWC College*** to get our profile pictures for the zhong documents taken. That was the very first time I went to ***CWC***. Anyway, I was something like 2 hours late since I had a College General Education Class at the same time we decided to do this. Everyone had finished their solo profile picture by then so I hurried to the spot and proceeded to take a really long time to take a whole series of photos. I was really never a photo-philic kind of person but since Kody said to take my time I really took my time. Apparently I took a really long time compared to everyone else but in my defence, I never knew that, and Kody wasn't seeming particularly annoyed by it so I thought it was fine. Either way, we then took a whole bunch of group pictures with all sorts of formations (most of them turned out horrible) and even some sitting on the road. We ended when the sun started going down. The dress code was that we had to wear the zhong T-shirt and jeans. And I'll say it right here: I *hate* jeans. They are really as uncomfortable as an article of clothing can get. The creases it would make at the posterior of your knees whenever your knee bend even slightly are absolutely irritating. Unless they are made of really thin fabric, this problem would be there no matter what. Moreover, their pockets are never deep enough for anything, and their positioning is horrendous. Maybe I'll talk some other time about my grunt with various species of clothing, lest this become an endless rant.

### 06-11-2021
#### Physics midterm 1
> Honestly, I basically winged this midterm. Partly because I didn't have much motivation to study it, partly because I had no clue how to even study it in the first place. Either way, I basically did the least amount of preparation possibly; any less and it wouldn't have counted at all. I skimmed through the lecture slides, did some past papers to no avail, and typed up a cheat sheet (Yes it was allowed). Surprisingly, I'd say it went the most smoothly among all the midterms. I had time remaining for some reason, to perform double-checks and self-doubt. Interestingly, the most challenging parts of the entire Physics midterm were questions that involved more Maths than Physics, where you had to do a lot lot of algebra to prove something. The cheat sheet honestly didn't really help much 'cus I don't think you would really need a cheat sheet or formula list if you are familiar with the curriculum. I don't think I've referenced the formula list at all in my DSE, except for the Einstein(?) atomic stuff. Anyway, after sessions of peer-cross-checks, I was feeling pretty confident about my performance. Honestly I have no clue what this entry would be about when I started writing it but I kinda feel like I should write something, so this is that.

### 09-11-2021
#### Maths midterm results
> Today, the results for the Maths midterm was released. I got 110 out of 150 which translates to 73.33%. It definitely wasn't ideal, and I can't say I am too impressed by my performance. And in addition, I believe some marks were deducted unjustly which I will probably request a regrade on. I guess I can't dwell too much on this, since a non-insignificant amount of the deducted score came from time constraints. Despite this, it shall't serve as an excuse for the other rather-significant amount of that from my carelessness and incompetence. As of the writing of this, I still am not too sure about how GPA is calculated for each and every course, nor do I know whether they are calculated by absolute grading or relative grading, so I can't say how bad my current GPA is right now, especially not when my performances in the other midterms are still shrouded in mystery. I can't say I'm too thrilled about everything that's going on in my life in terms of academics. Not just the midterms, but also the assignments, or more specifically the time allocation for them. Since about two weeks ago, I had lost track of my to-do list and had been failing to stay ahead of it. (I guess you can tell by how many days I've skipped writing entries for recently) Last week flew by while I barely even noticed it. Deadlines are now looming closer and closer while I still have little clue about them. I basically started giving up some of my group assignments and had left some of them to the group and basically started free-riding. That's quite a role-reversal for me seeing that it's usually me who's the one being free-ridden. Yes, I'm exaggerating a bit here but honestly it's further away from the truth. I know I have to keep my shit together, but with the projects, presentations, assignments, meetings, and finals all piled up and due in November, I can't say I have the confidence I could achieve this and lighten my burden, both academically and mentally, before they prove too great to be handled and I just end up breaking. Yes, internal transferral is still a thing, at least I hope so. It would just all come down to my performance in my finals and whatever should happen in the next semester.  
> *Post-script:* Honestly this semester felt more like a whole year than barely half of it. I guess things are just moving at a different pace than I'm used to. I'll probably have more insights once the semester actually ends, so let's wait and see.

### 13-11-2021
#### Zhong promotion period
> It's now supposedly the promotion period for my zhong (and most other ones). The pictures that we took before, it was for this. The design team whipped up profile pictures for everyone and started making posts on Instagram. Apparently I'm the first person to have their post posts, alongside with a brief text about myself that I've written, strangely in third-person as requested, as though someone else was introducing us. They had us change all our profile pictures on Instagram to be that. We'll also have a banner and tons of other things. I realise I haven't yet stated this, but the promotion period is the period of time where zhongs have to make promotional material to basically make themselves known. Honestly I don't see the reason why this is necessary but I guess it's a kind of tradition. Not all types of traditions are good, honestly most of them are bad, but this one I'm mildly fond of. Apparently most zhongs are having their members "dem beats" but mine doesn't even have a beat to begin with. It's rather interesting that a zhong can be so chill that its beat is non-existent. I guess it's both a blessing and a curse. It's supposed to be really demanding and "chur", as seen in my one of my roommates; but on the other hand, it's an interesting experience and something that's unique to Hong Kong university culture. Either way, where people from other zhongs may be busy with the promotional period, I'm still busy with actual zhong tasks with emails flooding in. I'll still have to refine the consultation document after this. Good news is, as busy as I may be, I'm starting to regain control of my own tasks and to-dos, which was the most helpful thing I could ever have done. It's not to say that I'm not busy or my schedule not packed in any way, it's just that my mind is no longer as clouded as I had been this past two or so weeks. At any rate, I should really get going.

### 19-11-2021
#### Zhong new beginnings?
> As you might be able to tell, I haven't been writing entries for quite a long while, partly because I had been busy with schoolwork, but more so, I had been busy tackling about zhong stuff. I'll try to make the story more straightforward and clear, but I don't believe it is even possible at this point, especially considering everything had been evolving over the course of at least a month. To put simply: the zhong had been on the verge of disintegration.  
> From the every beginning, around the pre-pre-consultation, the president (hereby **P**) and internal vice president (hereby **IVP**) had been very close even before the establishment of the zhong. Apparently, they had some sort of issue with the external vice president (hereby **EVP**), and thus their relationship was never good. At the beginning, things were still fine as they should be, but quickly declined when the P and IVP stopped responding to the EVP's messages in their own group. When the EVP added them to the cross-zhong group and initiated self-introduction as he should've, the P and IVP immediately ignored it without ever saying a thing in that big group. When we were busy working on the consultation document, the P and IVP barely gave any orders or suggestions. When one of the designers whipped up designs for folders and single-line papers, which a lot of people including myself thought were amazing, the P and IVP immediately banned his designs without giving much in terms of reasoning. Things started escalated when we were nearing the promotion period. We were supposed to decide on a time for various different parts of it (placement of banner, physical promotions, consultation dates, etc.), but what should've been decided on together by the whole team, were instead decided on by only the P and IVP. That was not too big of a deal yet, but the thing was that they didn't even bother to inform the rest of the zhong about their decisions after making it, thus making the whole zhong extremely confused and disorganised. To add on, we had only ever had one meeting immediately right after the establishment of the zhong, and never since. To put simply: everything was messy as hell.  
> Those were the objective side of things. But of course things were never going to be that simple. One day, I was informed by Wales that the P and IVP were proposing to quit and give up this whole ordeal all-together. They were accusing the EVP for his lack of communication and being too external, not catering for internal business. They reasoned that the reason they hadn't been saying much in the group was that the president and vice presidents themselves were having arguments. Keep in mind that I was still part of the "I have no clue what the fuck is going on" gang and had no knowledge of the things mentioned in the last paragraph. They were proposing that they were now left with two choices: either they'd split up the zhong and exclude the EVP, or they'd quit by themselves. Now either of those options had more that meets the eye. Splitting up the zhong to exclude just one person would never happen. If splitting were to occur, there would undoubtedly be two sides battling to the death. Them quitting by themselves would never happen either. If they were to quit, it is most certain that their supporters would also quit. They were trying to convince Wales, Tom, and me to join their side if this splitting would happen. According to them, some other people in addition to some members from the previous zhong would join us to form a new zhong, and they promised that the new zhong would function fine under the guidance of the members of the previous zhong.  
> I was slightly sceptical of them, since it was supposed to be the IVP's responsibility to ensure such conflicts wouldn't happen, and that they hadn't yet raised evidence or convincing arguments as to why this would be necessary. But since I have only heard their side of the story, and saw someone with more insight also agreed to stand by the P and IVP, I was rather convinced. Wales, Tom, and I were basically as far away from this mess as we could've been, and as neutral as we could've been this whole time. I guess this would be the reason why they were trying to recruit us since we still hadn't yet heard the other side of the story.  
> Until yesterday night, when the "other side" consisting of the EVP, Kart, and more people asked me to join their meeting. They were formulating a plan for when the zhong would split. I at first wasn't too sure about conspiring against the P and IVP since the EVP was still the villain in the half-picture that they had painted. But upon further reasoning, I discovered that the EVP had basically nothing to do with this whole ordeal. He showed me prove of him trying to initiate conversations between himself and the P and IVP to no avail. Kart was the first person to notice this abnormality and had been trying to bring together both sides for already a whole month, also to no avail. According to him, the P and IVP stood firmly on their grounds and refused to back down, saying that splitting was the only option. So far, that proof of initiation was the only solid evidence that I had ever seen since this whole ordeal started, and of course I immediately reinforced my scepticism against the P and IVP. But I told myself that the EVP and Kart could have just been making this up and using one instance of their miscommunication against the P and IVP.  
> However, when Tom asked if anyone had been complaining of his productivity, nobody had. The P said in the pre-consultation to the previous zhong that several members of this zhong had been complaining that Tom had done nothing. Of course, the imposter could be among us, and someone could've complained without pleading that they had done it. But this accusation made little sense either way. The night before the pre-consultation, Tom had been openly asking about financial budgets for various events in the big group, and had worked on the entire financial statement all by himself. This much was not to be doubted. His efforts and contributions were as solid as diamond, and it was quite hard to believe that someone had made such an accusation. Alongside with other plot holes, I had figured that the P and IVP had been making up stories and falsely accusing others. They said that the idea of either splitting or quitting was given by the P of the previous zhong, but upon further investigation with members of the previous zhong, we had found out that he merely approved that it could be possible but had not suggested it. Among various other things, I had decided that I couldn't trust them anymore.  
> We then went to the library for further planning. I still hadn't chosen sides yet at that point, since I hadn't been too close with the people on "this side" barring a few. However, they managed to show the passion and determination to win this war that I failed to see on "the other side". They kept asking and inviting members of the previous zhong to consult and plan with. They managed to lock the P and IVP out of the Instagram and Google account of the zhong, lest they delete them to erase evidence. They had already made plans for the entire work distribution, consultation, and promotional period within the short 4 hours, something that didn't happen in the old zhong in the two months we've established. I was finally convinced that this *would* be the zhong I'd like to be a part of instead of the mess we had before.  
> To make a long story short, we'd had to wait until today for the P and IVP to make their decisions. And finally they did. They resigned in the group with the previous zhong, along with two of their supporters. Wales also quitted since he absolutely despised messes of social interactions. Now we are working on a (somewhat) fresh canvas, with Kart being the new P, the old EVP staying EVP, and Marting being IVP. We definitely had much more passion and ambition than before. While I can't say we would be successful, I can say that at least this would be more productive than whatever we had before.  
> *Post-script:* This is already as short as I could possibly make this story. I have **definitely** missed something or made mistakes somewhere, but I hope the general plot/flow of the story made sense. I tried to be as unbiased as I could be in the narrative but of course we all know that it is rather impossible. I had decided to lay out the story in chronological order instead of the order I experienced it in, since I decided the alternative would be more confusing despite being more dramatic and movie-like with all its betrayal and last-minute plot twists. There will definitely be more entries regarding this. This isn't anything that you'd see every day, and frankly I don't believe this had even ever happened in CUHK before, so either way we're making history.

### 21-11-2021
#### Zhong war begins
> I told you things were never going to be that simple. We immediately started working on stuff for the new zhong assuming that would be the end of this whole ordeal, but today the other side just announced they are going to battle us to the death. Fuck. You can initiate a battle well after resignation? My brain is on the verge of melting and shit. I had been working on assignments for the whole night and now this. You can tell my brain is beyond messy but I guess I can't be anymore, not if I'd like us to come out on top. Emergency meetings would be extremely frequent and demanding, on top of the piled up assignments and projects, wish me luck. First in CUHK history, I guess.
#### Zhong war ends
> Yes, I realise how stupid this is seeing that this supposed "war" barely lasted a day.  
> It is now 04:23 the next day but time is the least of my concerns right now. We started a meeting since 18:30 in Martin's room in ***Shaw College***. It was rather smooth sailing until the P and VPs of the previous zhong decided to side with the other side and started to explicitly blame our side for various things, no matter how insignificant they are. Everything was exaggerated and blown out of proportions to an unfathomable extent. Pardon my strong and biased phrases but as biased as I am right now, I can say I am already more neutral than the P and VPs of the previous zhong. But I suppose all of these talks are futile right now, since we have all decided to stop and quit seeing that this competition was basically rigged and it was no longer worth continue doing. I am writing this on my friend's laptop since I'd like to document my thoughts this very moment. As mentioned before, the other side started using dirty psychological tricks to recruit people and even convinced the P of the previous zhong to help their recruitment. It was simply not worth going on since we heavily doubt it would end any other way with the largest figures of the previous zhong rooting for and canvassing for the other side. They had been found to have kept contacting the "other side" after they supposedly "resigning", and even manipulated rules and deadlines of the duel to favour the "other side". We simply lacked the mental power to keep fighting this rigged battle. We simply failed to see the point fighting the unwinnable unless we also play dirty. To be fair, we had a really strong passion for it, the moment before their dirty tricks let themselves known. The meeting was so heated right until then. Everything started falling apart: our plans, ambition, everything we had ever discussed about. I am not the best person with words so I can't possibly express what I am feeling right now. Some was furious, some sad, some cried. It was really a shame to not have this go through till the very end. I myself, as insignificant my post might be, put so much effort into the events assigned to me. I had spent weeks managing and replying emails from graduates for their photo days; I made a whole lists for not only my photo day but also helped the others with their respective photo days; I spent days working on a Google form for freshmen of the next year, trying to make it as enticing as possible to peak their interest in joining the ODay; I even picked up an entirely new event just because they were lacking in manpower. But all of these are futile right now. We have all posted our resignations. Our new ex-P even spent a whole phone call reasoning and scolding the P of the previous zhong for their incompetence. I can't possibly express in words how intense the atmosphere was. It would be something like both heated and sombre.  
> As for the aftermath? What's next? I don't know. I don't think any of us know. The previous zhong added us all back to the group after we left it, seemingly trying to change our minds implicitly. Such drama is not the kind I'd usually like to get involved in. But I stayed until the very end, the bitter end, and I can't say I have any regrets working with "this side", as short as it had been. As I had mentioned, I have tons of work all piled up, so I suppose this could leave my dedication to be solely on my academics. I'd say this is like a fetus dying in the womb, but such metaphors do little showing the true nature of such trauma. I guess it allowed me to see the dark side, or rather, the intentionally or unintentionally incompetent side of human. I should stop before this starts getting philosophical and become gibberish. As per usual, I've left out a lot of details, both good and bad ones. It's not like I could've documented everything anyway.  
> As I had previously mentioned, things and emotions usually wouldn't kick in until after a while when they had settled. As for now, it is currently 05:00, and I'll be sleeping in Martin's room tonight. I shall sign off now.

### 23-11-2021
#### Flopped BMEG presentation
> I have no idea what happened. Today was supposed to be when the group presentation of our BMEG project happens. I woke up early but somehow managed to fall back asleep despite not being tired. I completely missed the the session and only got up when I got a phone call from my friend 30 minutes into the lesson when my group was being called onto the stage. I have no idea why none of my 5 groupmates had decided to call me when they inevitably realised my absence within the first 10 minutes of the lesson. I was completely baffled. The silver lining is that it was a video presentation so it at least didn't completely flop. However, I failed to attend the lesson which means that my attendance wouldn't be perfect. And in this course, a non-perfect attendance would translate into at least a 10% penalty of the final score, which I find rather idiotic, to say the least. It wasn't like I could've asked a friend to help me sign my attendance either, since it was taken with our Student ID card. On top of that, the presentation consisted of a Q&A session after our video was played. That accounted for 4%, and according to my groupmates, they had no clue what they were asked, so it was highly likely that the questions concerned the part I worked on. Welp, so that's at least 14% gone from a course. I guess the silver lining would be that it was only a 1-credit course so it shouldn't affect my final GPA too much, fingers crossed. Welp, now I'm going to look like a free-rider despite having taken on the work of two other groupmates because their work was unsatisfactory, and I'm going to be talked behind my back for this deplorable incident.

### 24-11-2021
#### Physics midterm results released
> The results of my physics midterm examination had been released today. I got 93.5% in it. As mentioned, it felt rather easy at the time, and it sure seemed so now. Despite this, it shalln't be used as an example to be followed since I skipped practically all lectures and tutorials of Physics barring the first few, and I meant "*all*" when I said "all". I'm in a kind of special relationship with Physics, I would say. It was the subject that I banked the most on achieving a 5** in in the HKDSE, and hence it was the most disappointing to not have a 5** in, alongside with Maths. So I'd say I kinda have a grunt towards Physics. It's not like I dislike Physics or anything, it's just that it can be annoying at times. I guess I could say tha same about Maths, seeing that university-level Physics is basically applicable Maths with more flare anyway. Either way, I guess it was somewhat justified since the syllabus mostly covered stuff that I already had the fundamentals nailed in my secondary school years - actually not really, since it now apparently involves more derivatives and integrations than the Maths paper. "Like" is a strong word but I genuinely think I like Physics. The way it makes you think and reconsider interactions based seemingly on intuition, and makes you wonder what makes this whole world tick. It allows you a playground in which you can express your logic and proficiency in the subject matter to a satisfying degree, but not too boundless and ungrounded as pure Mathematics can sometimes be. No matter how complex the proposed scenario might be, it would always work at the very end. A solution will *always* exist, since basically the entirety of existence itself banks on it. I'd say it would be very rare that you couldn't visualise a Physics scenario with enough comprehension of it. But that was enough of me being a salesperson for a field of science. The point is, I have no idea what the point I was trying to express was. Physics is quite beautiful I guess (when excessive amounts of calculus aren't involved).

### 25-11-2021
#### Year 1 Semester 2 course registration
> It is that time again. I spent so long preparing for it and yet everything was to be decided simply by how soon we click a single button once the clock struck 20:30 sharp. I have so many problems with this system, as do every single human being to have ever used it. Out of the top of my head, I can already think of a handful of better solutions. In conjunction with the auxiliary tools, or rather, the lack of, the system seemed to be designed to be hostile towards students to make their experience and the courses they subsequently have to take as miserable as possible. I have come across with a lot of custom-made tools and applications specifically for CUHK students: shuttle bus app, timetable manager, school information hub, just to name a few. Apparently our IT department is either too incompetent or just couldn't care enough to do their job properly to serve the university's students. Again, this project would probably never be done if I fail to create a working prototype before my initial influx of energy and determination had subsided, but I have started working on a timetable planner system to aid students in course registration. I tend to waste a lot of time on random programming projects during my free time anyway, so I thought this would be quite a useful way to waste time during the semester break, or some other holiday. If no further entries about this project were to exist, it would very likely mean that the project was long forgotten and had faded into obscurity, like so many other ones had.

### 26-11-2021
#### Taxis can fly
> I woke up at 14:02 today, at home, and had a lecture in CUHK, at 14:30. Fuck. It would take 50 minutes at the very least, just to transit. But I had the bright idea, or rather, the only idea, to try my luck and took a taxi. Honestly, that was a rather big gamble since taxi drivers usually tend not to entertain passengers trying to go beyond their usual work area, namely from Kowloon to the New Territories. Anyway, I got onto the taxi at 14:10, and somehow managed to arrive CUHK at 14:26. I was quite dumbfounded by the speed it managed. For the times we tried driving there, it took around 25 minutes. But I guess I shouldn't be surprised by how efficient Hong Kong people can get. And to add on, the taxi driver took me exactly where I needed to go to (***Chung Chi College*** entrance) since he apparently didn't know any other conventional entrances (MTR station/ Main entrance) to CUHK. Apparently taxis can really fly in Hong Kong, hence the term "fly taxi". Oh yeah and it costed something like $136, so never again.
#### Anatomy and Physiology CA1 results released
> There isn't much to say honestly, but I thought I should make an entry for every exam/assessment just for the sake of documentation, but also for cross-referencing my post-test feel versus the actual scores themselves. Anyway, I got 18 out of 21, which translates into 85.7%. I don't know how to comment on this except that it seemed to be a rather admirable score compared to the rest of the class. The fail rate was as high as 30%, if I had heard correctly. True or not, I should be preparing for the next CA, which was proposed to be on 07/12, weirdly close to the finals seeing that the Physics final would be on 10/12 and the other subjects would soon follow. Not much else to comment except my piled up work again.
#### Some zhong meal/gathering
> Honestly, I don't know at this point. I believe I no longer have any clue what this whole ordeal is evolving into. The IVP of the "other side" contacted a few of us yesterday trying to recruit a whole new cabinet, which proved to be quite futile, seeing that they still haven't yet managed to establish one even today, as of the writing of this, on 29/11. Either way, the people on "this side" along with two of the previous zhong who we are close to had decided to dine out, at exactly where everything had started, the place in *Fo Tan*, as seen in the entry on 30/09. I didn't write too much about that restaurant thing then, since I thought it was rather ritualistic and shouldn't warrant too much of a mention. Someone proposed that we should "go back to where everything had started" and hence that was the place that we chose, or at least that would have been the case, if that someone had booked the correct place. He actually booked the place next to that restaurant, which surprisingly tasted a lot better than the place we were originally planning to dine at, not to mention it had air-conditioning which the other place didn't. It's not like I understood the concept of "returning to the starting point of everything" in the first place. Other than that the food was rather tasty and that we managed to scam the restaurant by having them repeatedly refilling our large pot of congee for at least five times. The staff/boss was getting really annoyed which was quite funny. As usual, the meal itself wasn't otherwise too eventful.  
> After the meal, however, I had the bright idea to walk our way back to CUHK, and for some godforsaken reason, they entertained the idea. We got some ice cream along the way at least. We had to walk right through the *Fo Tan* MTR station, just to get to the pedestrian walking, which I found funny. We ended up walking 4km along Tai Po Road, which took 50 minutes. Honestly, it was a rather enjoying walk, with all of us chatting and delivering plastic. They blasted some music but that led to some dumb shenanigans. We took some pictures at the entrance to ***Chung Chi College*** and that was pretty much the end of it. Who knew an unplanned walking trip could be that interesting?

### 29-11-2021
#### Stuffed alpaca toys in CUHK
> I was walking with Martin in CUHK at night and came across two stuffed alpaca toys just laying next to garbage pins. Seeing that they weren't dirty and didn't have any tears, I decided to bring them with me. We walked around CUHK with them, much to the amusement of other pedestrians. Since we were originally intending to go to a study room to work on our assignments or study, we just brought them into the room. It wasn't too eventful since the study room was isolated and there were only the two of us. However, when it was past its operating hours, we were asked to leave and had to continue at the ***Chung Chu College Library*** which was nearby. I found it quite funny when I walked in willy-nilly with two huge stuffed toys in my arms. As of the writing of this, I just finished my assignment, and we are still sitting in the library with the two huge stuffed toys beside us on the table. I guess I'll have to disinfect them either way before I should further handle them.

## December
### 07-12-2021
#### Finals approach
> It has been very long since the last entry, my longest hiatus yet. I thought this entry would serve as an update to everything that's going on. First off, the finals are coming, starting from 10/12, until 15/12. Let's not dwell on the fact that I have basically no hope of studying in time just yet. 10/12 would be when my Physics final examination would be, and it just so happen to coincide with the deadlines of *two* college general education term papers. I have no clue why they even exist in the first place, considering general education courses are supposed to relatively chill and smooth-sailing, not to mention the plurality of which. That alone is exotically dumb. However, on top of that, the deadlines are also purposefully set in a way that it would guarantee time conflicts with students' revision schedule. Why on earth does this college exist at all anyway. While it may be true that it is relatively trivial to get good grades in the college general education courses if you at least tried a little, it also comes with a price, namely the sacrifice of other courses. Is this a fair trade-off? I mean the *two* college general education courses do account for 6 credits in total, so maybe I should take this deal and focus on the term papers- ***fuck no***. No one should be made to make this horrible decision between a rock and a hard place. Why in the fuck is chung chi college this sadistic? Yes I didn't capitalise or bold or italicise it 'cus it does not deserve any respect at all. All of these might as well be some satanic ritual for all I care, it's not like it's any different from carving my heart out to be sold to the devil. As things stand, I have just finished the second ***Anatomy and Physiology*** continuous assessment, and now I have precisely 2 days left to finish two term papers and to revise for the Physics final. You might think I have terrible time management and that's the cause of this whole ordeal but I can assure you that it is not true. I don't think I have stopped working since the beginning of October, and I haven't even stepped out of CUHK for more than a month, barring the few hours as in *[Taxis can fly](#taxis-can-fly)*. I already have more than enough of actual work to be done, and now this shit popped up. I could've put them in my well-beyond-saturated to-do list, *IF THEIR TOPICS WERE ANNOUNCED MORE THAN A WEEK BEFORE THEY'RE DUE!* I can't stress this enough but it is excessively abusive. No one in this world should be given this stupendous amount of workload just for an insignificant college general education course - oh did I say *a* college general education course? 'cus by "a" I meant two courses plus weekly assemblies. I'm saying it right now, that I'm not giving these shitty papers more than 10 hours combined, and that is already too much time allotted. I don't care that the title of this entry implies this would be oriented around the final examinations. Don't expect these kind of rants to ever stop until I graduate, because as long as this abysmal college share the same dimension as me, I would be suffering in more ways than one.

#### Anatomy and Physiology CA2
> I just finished taking the second CA of this course, which is interestingly 8 days before its corresponding final examination. I definitely performed worse this time than the last, there is little doubt to it. I didn't have enough time or mental capacity to revise to extents that could be considered effective. I mean I did manage to go through the entire syllabus and made flow-charts and such, barring one PowerPoint where I literally just discovered the existence of 3 hours before the test. I was really not in the flow when I was doing this test. I just wasn't feeling it. Just from glancing, I could already tell I have made countless mistakes, although I did manage to find a mistake in the questions which the professor later confirmed, so I guess I wasn't completely brain-dead when I took it. If I have understood the terribly confusing mark allocation scheme, this CA should only account for 7.5% of the final grade. I don't know what I can comment about it really. I guess I could just hope for the best.

### 10-12-2021
#### Physics final examination
> Right off the bat, I'll admit that I did not study as much as I should. Honestly, I didn't even prepare at all, except for making the cheat sheet. But, despite this atrocity, I do believe I performed rather well in the exam. This entire week has been a mess. My sleeping and working schedule was haywire and I have no clue what was going on half the time. I don't believe I have much else to say about this other than what I have already said for the mid-term exam. Though one thing I would like to add is that, I found it quite funny why a senior who is currently in Year 3 asked me for help for this examination. He dropped this course once, failed once, and thus had to take it in his third year. Anyway, I have a very annoying book report to finish before 23:59 tonight, and it is already 18:43 as of the writing of this right after the exam had finished. Actually, I had two essays due tonight, and fortunately I had to foresight to give up my sleeping schedules to squeeze time to finish it the previous day/night/twilight(?). But at any rate, I should get going.

### 13-12-2021
#### Calculus final examination
> This was the most dreadful examination I have ever done in my entire life. It was pure misery. I studied quite a lot to be fair but I just can't seem to be able to quite to them. In a lot of the questions, I have a solid lead and solid idea of how I could tease the answer out off the question, but I just couldn't quite execute the calculation itself. And it's not like I didn't understand the theorems and tricks either. I feel like I was stuck in Mathematics in a way I have never been before. The paper wasn't quite structured in a way that one could wrestle some partial credit either. I just don't know. I don't think I have ever been this unconfident ever after an exam.

### 14-12-2021
#### Chinese final examination
> Honestly, I didn't think I would cross paths with Chinese after HKDSE but turns out I was so dead wrong. But I guess for all it's worth, the Chinese composition went better than I had thought. At least I managed to squeeze my residual brain cells ideas and wrote something moderately quality. I guess writing is really a process of exploration and self-reflection, as I could clearly say as of the writing of this. Speaking of language, I find myself deteriorating in terms of vocabulary and general writing quality ever since I have been in university, both Chinese and English. Honestly, I found it extremely odd that this would be the case. Of all things, I would've thought the abundance of non-locals would help to make this environment more academically-oriented, and that English would play a more prominent role in the picture. But it seems that my SJC is somehow more internationalised than CUHK. I really need to get working on my language, lest they forever leave me and become a thing of the past, as proven in today's examination where I managed to forget how to write a lot of very common words. What a weird place I am in right now.

### 15-12-2021
#### Human Anatomy and Physiology final examination
> This went rather swimmingly, I would say. Honestly, I would say I performed better in this than the CA2, which would be odd considering the syllabus for this final examination is obviously larger. But I believe the existence of long questions helped me a lot since they are the place that I could dare say I excel in. MCQs just never sat well with me ever. And with that, it would conclude this semester for me. I have had this nagging headache for the past two days and it seems that it just won't go away. I should be getting some actual rest.

#### End of Year 1 Semester 1
> Honestly, a lot of things happened in this semester. I would say that this semester has had me progressed more than a whole year and more in secondary school. It had been a wide ride, from every aspect imaginable. The most recent and prominent one being the "zhong" stuff which apparently still hasn't concluded yet. I would say I have enjoyed this lifestyle really, and that's partly the reason why I haven't stepped out of CUHK for a whole one and a half month, no-joke. Academically speaking though, I don't think I am holding up too well. Despite there being course that I performed well in like ***Physics*** and ***Human Anatomy and Physiology***, there exist more courses well I didn't think I did too great in. They are all some stupid course like university core subjects and college general education. I honestly do not understand one singular bit why we have the number of courses that we do. I would really rather they give us more free credits to choose for ourselves. I honestly just find this whole system very counter-productive to the finest extent. The one thing I have as a takeaway is that I am not really that good in Calculus, all things considered. The fundamental stuff I can get no problem, even all the theorems I can understand easily, but I just cannot do the pattern recognition, recitation, number-crunching necessary to excel in. One way or another, I really need to get my shit together, since I'll be taking two other calculus courses in the next semester.

### 19-12-2021
#### Zhong meeting again
> I'm not sure if I had stated this before but our zhong cabinet is back again, somehow. I'll spare you the details but today was the first "official" meeting after this re-establishment. All the posts and person-in-charge were reassigned. Since "my talent was discovered", I am now apparently the secretary and representative for *Chung Chi College* and person-in-charge for 5 events. What in the actual fuck has transpired? Either way, the dates for all the procedures have been planned. For the profile pictures, the majority has decided that suits and ties would be the dress code which I don't particularly fancy since I don't really like formal settings nor do I like to be pretentious which I find suits and ties to be. Either way, I'll have to buy a suit for one reason or another so I thought this would be a great time to do so. However, from what I've heard, each one costs at the very least $1200 which is just absurdity to the fourth degree. I cannot for the life of me look at the price tags without flinching. So this is definitely the one part I am not looking forward to. Speaking of profile pictures, we have created a new Instagram account and did the appropriate notice about "personnel changes" and whatnot, with much hiccups in terms of typos and confusion.  
> Another thing that happened today is that it was Martin's birthday. We bought a surprise cake for him and did a small celebration during the meeting. It was rather funny seeing how everything was made up on the spot. The utensils for the cake were stolen from the canteen nearby, the candles were replaced by the torchlight from a phone, we didn't even have plates at all so we just ended up spooning cake from the cake directly. I have literally never seen anyone eaten cake in this manner before.

### 20-12-2021
#### Some sort of gathering
> Since we are such inefficient beings, apparently CNok, Samuel, and myself still haven't yet collected our HKDSE official result certificates from SJC yet, despite them being available for 3 months already. Either way, we took this as a chance for gathering, and along with Efren, we went back to SJC to collect our certificates. It's my first time back since graduation, but nothing has really changed too drastically. I mean they have been having construction work going, but somehow I couldn't seem to be able to figure out what exactly were being worked on. Either way, we left no long after and headed to *Times Square* in *Causeway Bay* since I mentioned I would have to buy some gifts for my upcoming [christmas party](#christmas-party). We ended up walking around for a very very long time without me being able to choose anything since I have a terrible lack of decisiveness. I ended up buying one that I was quite satisfied with, although it went way over budget, more than twice that, in fact. I also got another one that I was not too happy with since it was rather underwhelming and I can't see many others being too thrilled about it. I'll talk more about the gifts in the actual entry for the christmas party itself. Honestly, the gathering itself was rather uneventful, and I believe it was the only one that we didn't even have meal together. Now that I think about it, I'm not sure what the nature of this whole thing is but I feel like it's mainly me wasting everyone's time with my aimless wandering.

#### HKDSE Report
> I finally had the time or energy to review my report. And it ain't pretty.  
> First to lay out the status quo, I applied for remarking for Chinese, English, Liberal Studies, and Biology. It had successfully granted me a 5* in Biology, but that's the best part of it. This report has much more detailed score breakdown, and I have found out that 3 out of those 4 subjects I applied for remarking were not the right choice. I found out that I was 3 marks away in my Chemistry to get a 5*, 5 marks away in my English to get a 5*, 5 marks away from my Maths to get a 5**, 7 marks away to get a 5**. It was basically unheard of that someone could make such ill decisions as to applied for remarking in the subjects that I did. Do you understand how much of a difference 3 marks can give? I could be studying Medicine right now for all I know. I don't believe any more ranting would be helpful anyway though. One thing I found funny is that after remarking, I apparently scored 19 marks less than what I initially had, which would have set me back to 4. Either way, this really showed how sporadic and unreliable the whole system actually is. The scores fluctuated a lot between markers and were just generally very inconsistent. I wonder how many students were just doomed by random chance and fated to become way less than they otherwise could've?

### 21-12-2021
#### Suit purchase
> I have never been a fan of formal stuff, and it's not too hard to guess that I have never own nor worn a suit in my entire life. For some reason, they decided that our zhong profile pictures should be taken in suits and hence today Martin and I went out to *Mong Kok* to purchase suits in the *Hollywood Shopping Centre*. I don't know the first thing when it comes to suits so I was basically a clueless observer in this purchase. We tried on many different ones and eventually bought two that fits. I also got three ties of different colours just because. It turned out way more expensive than I have ever expected, $1250 for me, and ~$1500 for him since he also got a pair of shoes. It was a slim fit which I don't think I fancy too much but what do I know?  
> Anyway, when we got back to CUHK, Martin had just realised he never checked the shoes and upon that, he found out that the salesperson had given him the wrong pair. I mean wrong as in wrong model, wrong size, wrong style, wrong colour. It was basically as far off as you could get. After thorough rounds of ranting and complaining, he figured him going back to the shop to exchange them would be the only option, much to his disgruntle and dismay. So just like that, he wasted another 2 hours of transit just for that stupid mistake that wasn't even his. He didn't even ask the salesperson for a discount of refund or anything which I found rather un-opportunistic of him. I got to chill in his room and finish a movie within those 2 hours. What a profound waste of time!  

### 24-12-2021
#### Christmas party
> There was a christmas party planned tonight with gift exchanges, hence I got out in the morning with Martin to buy some gifts. They proposed to exchange one regular gift, and another awful one. Not that I've ever heard it before, but I guess this is a thing.  
> I actually have bought the gifts already in a [gathering](#some-sort-of-gathering). I got a box of a dozen of macaroons, and a photo frame. The macaroons costed $20 each and I ended up spending $240 total, which was totally not within the budget of $100. I could've bought only half a dozen, but since there were 11 flavours, and that we would have 9 people in the party, I figured it would be best if I buy a full dozen. I thought of buying dog food, baby food, dollar sign shaped pasta, or even half pairs of socks, shoes, and mittens for the awful gift. But I figured the food items wouldn't really come across as too appropriate and the articles of clothing would be way too expensive. So I ended up buying a photo frame with the thought of putting a horrible meme in it. However, I think I instantly regretted this idea the instant I bought it.  
> Anyway, Martin hasn't bought anything yet so we went to a *Don Don Donki* store in *Tseun Wan West*, which I mistook for *Tseun Wan* and got off at the wrong station and ended up having to walk my way there for 15 minutes since taking the MTR again would take too long. Either way, he got a baguette and bottle of oil lotion from the 18+ section for the awful gift after my recommendation and I got a pair of bright red topless bikini from the same very section. Again, it was way over budge. I didn't think I realised how expensive they were, since I originally planned to get a full-on maid costume which was apparently priced at $300. He also got two boxes of fruit jelly for his actual gift which I honestly found odd.  
> Either way, we gathered in a party room booked in *Kwun Tong*. The room was quite insane, to be fair. There was a projector with karaoke, a large TV connected to a Nintendo Switch and a PS4, a full-sized poker type gambling table, a Mahjong table, a swing set, another swing set with cushions, a sofa, two large shark stuffed animals, and a ton of board games. It's exterior was really deceiving considering it was located in an industrial building. We played a bit of everything and had a lot of fun. One thing I'd like to note is that the Mahjong table was electronic which was rather inspiring. I looked away from one second and fully assembled rows odd pieces just appeared out of thin air. The main event was the gift exchange. We first exchanged the awful gifts. Someone got a literal tire for their gift and it beats me how that is even a thing. Turns out I was not the only one who thought to get articles of clothing since two other people also thought to buy a skirt and a dress as their gifts, but mine was ultimately the most flashy I'd say. I got a random notebook as my "awful gift" which I didn't find too awful but I'd love to not have to carry the tire home. For the good gifts though, I got an air humidifier, with was actually really nice, both functionally and aesthetically speaking. I gifted the macaroons and then tried some. They were so good, although I'm not sure they should cost $20 each. In the end, we played from 18:00 to 00:00. I and some people left for home while some of them went for a second round along the coast or something and apparently they kept on going after 07:20.  
> Honestly, I have no idea how to end this entry. I suppose I should give some reflections or whatnot but honestly, I can't really find anything too interesting to talk about other than it is my first time in an actual party-esque environment where I actually enjoyed myself. To be hoenst, I think I prefer sophisticated and impactful events over meaningless time-burning events such as this one. It's not that I didn't enjoy it while I was there, but just that I can't find much purpose to it other than the pure sake of the event itself.

### 27-12-2021
#### Zhong profile picture taking again
> We got up rather early for the shooting and gathered in Martin's room for preparation. Apparently no one knows how to tie a tie and we all had to recruit help from our shadow zhong members. Turns out a lot of us had never worn a suit before, myself included, and everything took quite a long time to set up. Either way, we went to the "rooftop" of *Wu Yee Suen College*. The sky was not sunny a single bit. It was quite gloomy and cloudy. The moment we stepped foot outside of *Shaw College*, it started raining. Luckily, some of us had to foresight to bring umbrellas and such. It was barely raining, really, but it wouldn't be ideal to get our suits wet the first time we wear them. The whole photo shooting was rather efficient, if I dare say so myself. I think we were done within barely 15 minutes, as opposed to the ~2 hours it took [last time](#zhong-profile-picture-taking). Even the shadow zhong members got their pictures taken.  
> After that, we went back to Martin's hostel to play snooker and Mahjong. We thought it would be a good idea to head to *Lee Woo Sing College* for lunch but it had closed since it was a holiday, same to the canteen in *Wu Yee Suen College*. Apparently, none of us had checked to see if the nearest canteen was actually open, which it apparently was, before we assumed it wasn't and went elsewhere. Either way, we had the worst lunch ever in the canteen in *Shaw College*. It was atrocious for some reason, it's not like it was that bad the two times I have eaten there before, so I have no clue why it was as hideous as it had been that day. Maybe they were just using the holidays to clear the backlog of produce they had?  
> Anyway, some of us, myself included, thought our pictures weren't that good and decided to go back there for round two. Round two wasn't any more noteworthy than round one.  

### 30-12-2021
#### Pre-consultation again (Part 1)
> *There are a lot to talk about so I think it'd be best to split this up into two parts since it spanned across two days anyway. To minimise confusion, I'll try to add timestamps where I see fit.*  
> Yeah we'll have to do pre-consultation again. We started at 19:10. The president of the previous zhong wasn't present since he had flown to somewhere else for exchange. Two previous previous previous zhong members also joined us. It went on like normal for the most part. At the very end though, one of the previous previous granddaddy zhong member, Jack, started talking. He was not at all amused at how everything had transpired, but his target wasn't us, but rather our previous zhong. They had already made this happen twice before. Jack started by asking every one of us how we felt about what had transpired along with how we think the previous zhong could've done better. Halfway through, one of our previous zhong members started having an argument with him. She was not amused at what Jack was doing since she felt like Jack was mainly targeting her, which he discretely was doing, directing the accusations at her. I don't think I'm in a good position to judge them but I would say they were both disappointed and furious at different things. It ended with a small lecture in which he got the point across really well. Jack was a post-graduate and even he felt the need to come back here to intervene, which I found to be quite caring of him.
> After all that tension was over, they left. One of us found a message presumably left by her, and from what they had deciphered, she was tying to ease the tension and initiate some sort of open conversation. I was never really in too deep about the situation as I usually like to sit as far away from such interpersonal annoyance as physically possible, so I'm afraid I'm in no position or judge or comment.  

### 31-12-2021
#### Pre-consultation again (Part 2)
> Somehow I am now basically carrying the entire zhong.  
> For starters, I took on the role of the post-production guy. The photographer for the day was one of our shadow zhong members, and I'll tell you he is not a good photographer at all, not that he ever said he was. His framing, focus, and directing were all horrible. I have no idea why they got him to take our photos. I'm whining about this because I had to fix a lot of stuff in post-production, and his incompetence left me a lot of limitations in terms of how I could, or rather, how I couldn't, tinker with the photos.  
> I had to send tons of emails to various parties, from invitations, to invitations, to more invitations, to venue booking, to negotiation with said venue booking authority, to replying to such invitations, to proof-reading everything the zhong would publish, to going through the entire consultation document multiple times fixing syntax, grammar, and formatting, to taking on the role of the designer making posts, files, papers... Trust me, it goes on. I don't even think I can list all of them if I tried. Well, it's not all me who's working in this entire zhong. It's only me and Martin. This absurdity would go on and I am basically going mad with all the stuff I need to do. We stayed behind in the Computer Lab after the pre-consultation ended and worked on stuff until past 03:00. And by us working, I mean myself working while everyone else were doing god-knows-what. I had to pick up two entirely new software from scratch and had to make stuff with them all by myself. And if you've messed with anything Adobe-related, you'll know that their software are not the most beginner-friendly. This went on or an entire day. I woke up 10:00 today and had been working on stuff until 23:10. I have no clue what happened, nor how I became so loaded with work. I mean it had been my intention to keep my committent as little as possible, so I must've failed somewhere. I guess it's just that the perfectionist in me wouldn't allow stuff of subpar quality to come out. And since everyone else was careless or incompetent, I had to take on the role.  
> I don't know anymore. I guess I don't yet feel stressed(?), but I can't imagine this would still be the case when the semester break ends. Maybe I'll figure something out by then.

# 2022

## January

### 01-01-2022
#### 2022 new year
> Honestly, I have no clue what I should write in this entry. I don't really think an arbitrary date should define our perception of life. I can't see it being healthy to convince yourself that such a threshold exists, since it would just contribute to procrastination. I've never really set too much deadlines for myself, nor have I made plans with certain timeframes in mind since I never found them to be particularly productive. My mindset has always been to put your passion or interest into what you're doing. After all, you can't work productively if your passion isn't there. In terms of what I'd like to achieve though, I just wish to do well academically. The results of the first semester would be out on 06/01, so I guess I'll see if it's even remotely possible. I have been wanting to develop games ever since S1 I believe, possibly even earlier. WSo I guess that's one thing I would try to work towards, although I don't think it has much of a place over my academics. My YouTube is definitely another thing I wish to do more with, since it shouldn't really take off too much of my time, unlike game development. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.

### 05-01-2022
#### IKEA stroll
> I got Martin to walk around in an IKEA with me. IKEA stores are surprisingly rare in Hong Kong, and the nearest one is already all the way over in *Tseun Wan*. Anyway, my goal there was to buy a blue shark plushie. They have been quite popular recently for whatever reason. It was honestly one of my first if not *the* first time I've been in an IKEA store. It has their infamous winding, maze-like, confusing layout. I guess the stuff IKEA sells is really not very noteworthy, except that their branding is quite consistent. Apparently they also sold many other plushies of basically every animal there is. So what I was looking for was apparently an old model blue shark, but despite there being numerous shark plushie "booths" throughout the entire store, we only managed to find the new models. Here's the deal with the new models: they're objectively inferior. Their bellies are mysteriously swollen for no reason, and it is rather aesthetically unpleasant. It basically made them have the silhouette of a pufferfish. After about an hour or so, we finally found the one old model shark after digging for so long. I also picked up a shark bag along with it just because. The shark itself costed $170, and the bag $20. After that, we decided to have lunch right there in the IKEA store, since as per their business model, any IKEA store must also consist of a cafeteria section. The food looked great, with quite affordable prices, too. We ended up ordering way too much since we wanted to try a little bit of everything. However, its food left a lot to be desired. Sure, the meatballs and mashed potatoes were good, but that's basically the end of it. The fries were soggy, lobster and shrimp soup tomato-y, blueberry cheesecake chemical-y, salad bitter, even the soda were too chemical-y to be any good. My conclusion is that a furniture store shouldn't try to go out of its league to be something it's not, especially when you suck ass at it.

#### Bank account
> I finally opened a bank account. It was long due. I have been meaning to do it for the last year, for various different reasons. It was honestly less hassle than I thought would be. I guess my only experience with banks so far were the times when I would want for people to finish their business when I was a kid, and I'm telling you it took forever. Honestly I don't know what to talk about here. I guess I can note that I still don't really have a signature for. I mean I guess I do have a pretty simple one but I don't believe it would suffice(?). But everything is digitalised anyway so it's not like I would need to sign anything anyway, not that I would bother to show up physically even if I have to.

### 10-01-2022
#### Revisiting SJC with Marwin and Marcus
> We had been trying to meet up for a while now. The school magazines were ready today and we just so happen to decide we can collect the magazines together and have a little rendezvous. It was a good thing that I obliged even though I was extremely busy this entire week since our zhong promotion period and consultation day is upcoming, since apparently they moved their flight forward so that it would be two days from now, on 12/01 instead of 26/01 as they had originally planned.  
> Anyway, we met up in the MTR station and started to walk to SJC. It had been a really long time since I last hiked up *Hong Kong Park*, even longer since I last met Marwin and Marcus. It was rather relaxing to tread a path I am so familiar to, with them, no less. I still remember we used to walk down to the MTR station every single day after school, although we stopped doing so for reasons I still don't quite know. Perhaps time drew us part, although I don't think this was the case. Either way, we got the magazines, and decided to meet up with Ms Ip. She was quite an interesting person. For me, she was the playful art teacher, who would always play into our little jokes and dumb stuff. Her lessons were really the one thing I can for sure say I hated no part of. For them, she was an inspiration, the one who had encouraged them to no end to pursue art. I believe she was the consultant for the many art competitions they had joined over the years.  
> I think I veered off-track.  
> So we left after a short while, without taking photos for some inexplicable reasons. There really wasn't too much going on, just that we chatted about everything. I wish we could've done more, but I was busy was my zhong stuff and had to get back to CUHK immediately after this, and they had to prepare and pack their stuff for take-off. Ultimately, as uneventful as it might have been, I think I was just grateful it happened.  

#### Dem beat: Conception
> They insisted that we must dem beat, not only for ourselves, but to show the previous zhong that we can do shit. Welp, apparently that turned out to be a hot pile of nonsense since we hadn't even conceived a beat at all before we were supposed to actually start today. Instead, we had to cancel it last-minute and push it back a day. Anyway, we started meeting at 19:00, and started to conceive and refine the beat. We had a lot of trouble refining the lyrics when half of them were just sitting there eating doing nothing at all. It was like another hour before we can actually start to practise. We went to the empty space at the podium next to the *Wen Lang Tang* in *Shaw College*. It was mostly more finalising the beat than actual practise. We got a few horrendous practise rounds in before Tom finally decided to show up. Due to time constraints, we made the executive decision that it would be impossible to practise all the verses, and decided to only do one of them. It was honestly rather terrible. After a while, some randos decided that right next to us would be a great place to set up shop and started eating hotpot. We were rather dumbfounded to be frank. Either way, we migrated to the third floor of the *Lee Shau Kee Building*, right outside the elevator. The place was quite echo-y and it gave an illusion of our non-existent power. The process was really quite un-noteworthy except that I can cleary tell some of them were not quite invested into this whole thing. We carried only until around 01:00 and decided whatever it would be the next day, it would be.

### 11-01-2022
#### Dem beat: Day 1
> Our audience was all year 1 students. We had to rush down there the moment the lecture ended and managed to start our whole thing before too many people had left. Honestly the power was lacking, and the soft carpet floor definitely wasn't helping. We were rather nervous but honestly it turned out alright, as alright as it could've been for 3 hours of practice. The synchronisation was terrible, and barely any of us yelled nearly loud enough. I would say it was unacceptable but to be fair I can't see it going too much better without some serious efforts.

### 12-01-2022
#### Farewell Marwin and Marcus
> It was rather sad to see more people fly away. They booked a surprisingly early flight, much to our disgruntle. It was a 09:00 flight, and we had to basically arrive at 06:00. Right off the bat, I'll tell you this was way too early for a flight. I had to wake up at 05:30, and considering that I still have to dem beat and do all that jazz in the afternoon and at night, this was a rather undesirable start for the day.  
> Anyway, Ron, Timothy, and Andy also came to farewell them. They are going to fly to *Los Angeles, USA*, and settle there. But since COVID restriction or something like that, they'll have to first fly to *Tokyo, Japan* to then transit to their destination. As for the reason why they're going to the USA, they mentioned that their parents had been planning for this from the very moment they were born. Honestly, I don't believe I have ever heard someone plan something like this this long ago but I guess it's ultimately none of my business. They have relatives there, so I guess that's another factor. So we did all the usual stuff, taking photos and chatting. I got one of the luggage carts one would use to move luggages around in the airport and got them to sit on it. I pushed them around for a while and got some photos. I had been wanting to do that since the last time I've been to the airport but Toby refused for some godforsaken reason.  
> It wasn't long before they have to go through the gate. Apparently their mom is also going with them, which I didn't know was the case prior to the very moment she started to walk through the gate. They had like 8 suitcases full of stuff in total, hand-carry and not, among the 3 of them. I cannot fathom why or how one would need so much stuff considering Toby only had like 2 suitcases of stuff in total. They all got through the gate just fine except for Marcus, who got stuck for some reason like Toby did. Are they really that hard to operate? It was without too much fanfare though, probably because everyone was still half-asleep, but I don't really know.  
> I suppose here is where I should talk more about us. I've known them since S1, even though we weren't in the same class until S2. I still remember the first time we met was just outside the *Cheung Sha Wan* MTR exit after school one day. My dad was being overly socially expansive and greeted them for no reason other than that he recognised their SJC uniforms. Honestly I still do not understand how parents work since they just seem to chat up with the most random people for no reason at all. Despite this, we never were really that close until we were actually in the same class. Ron was also one of the catalysts since he was our common friend. The main reason I would say is 'cus of my plasticity. Come to think of it, I believe most the friends I made during my junior(/senior) secondary years were due to my plasticity. I'll have Toby to thank for that. One thing I'll note is that, I don't believe our conversations ever became more than mundane day-to-day stuff. I don't believe we have ever talked about topics too deep or specific. The most was academics or something. Maybe it's because most of our time spent was in the junior secondary years? I realise I'm making it sound like it was rather boring. I'm sure we had talked about non-mundane stuff, but whatever they were, it wasn't vivid enough to be the shining example of what our conversations tend to be like. As opposed to topics with Toby, I found them more sophisticated and in-depth, like sometimes thought-provoking or something. I'm making him sound like Plato or Socrates or some philosopher but it's true to some extent. It's weird to score and judge conversations like this. I'm not saying our friendship is shallow or anything, but it just... isn't the same(?) I should stop before I make it sound like some sort of novel about unacquired love.  
> I believe the rest of their family is going to fly there soon. It's not just studying overseas, I believe they are aiming for full-blown immigration. I guess I shouldn't be too surprised seeing that they have been talking about this openly for as long as we've known each other, but still it's quite unsettling. They are now going to study in a community college before making further plans. I'm not too sure about Marcus, but Marwin seems committed to work in Pixar eventually and said he was planning to studying computer animation or something similar. I shall wish they'd find their passion whatever they may eventually decide to pursue. I'm more worried than anything really, since the art market is quite hard to earn a living in, but I guess their talent shall carve them a path within this mist of uncertainty.

#### Dem beat: Day 2
> This time our main audience was Year 4 students, mixed with some Year 3 ones. We rushed in as soon as the lecture ended. And since we came in from the only door, nobody managed to leave before we could start. I think we performed horribly, even worse than yesterday somehow. The synchronisation was horrendous and borderline non-existent. Once again, basically no one spoke anything except myself and Martin. Some of the previous cabinet were also present and they found it quite satisfactory contrary to my thoughts. Apparently some of the previous previous cabinet were *also* present and they found it *not* amusing to have a beat dem'd was such low quality. Ultimately, whatever worked works. If our direct predecessors deemed it satisfactory then so be it. This entry is full of mindless rambling, as you might be able to see. My mind was really clouded since I had just farewell Marwin and Marcus this very morning and I have practically no energy left.

#### Year 1 Semester 1 results released
> It was really a roller coaster. Of the first few subjects released, my GPA was comfortably above 3.7, until the rest got released, which dramatically killed it. Maybe I should do a table to break them down.  
> 
> | Course Title                           | Credit | Grade |  
> | :------------------------------------- | :----: | :---- |  
> | Human Anatomy and Physiology 1         |   2    | A     |  
> | Calculus for Engineers                 |   3    | A-    |  
> | Engineering Physics                    |   3    | A-    |  
> | University Chinese 1                   |   3    | A-    |  
> | College General Education 1            |   2    | A-    |  
> | College General Education 2            |   1    | B+    |  
> | Introduction to Biomedical Engineering |   1    | B+    |  
> | Physical Education                     |   1    | B     |  
> **Term GPA: 3.644**  
> 
> As you might be able to see, I performed quite well in all of the high credit courses. I actually attained scores within the A-range for all of the "expensive" courses. Turns out I made pretty decent predictions about these courses. However, apparently I decided to fail every single 1-credit course just because. The entire results of this is rather ridiculous since the harder the course was, the higher my grade had turned out to be. I literally have no comment about this at all, not that I know how to. The one thing I would say is that, in *Introduction to Biomedical Engineering*, I failed to attend for *one* of the lessons, and apparently that gave me a -10% penalty to the final score, which I believe accounts to 2 sub-grades. And coincidentally, this was the *only course* among these that counted to my honour GPA. I practically killed everything. If not accounting for all the 1-credit courses that I B-ranged, my GPA would have been 3.746. Looking forward, if I wish to go for internal transfer, I'd have to attain a cGPA of at least 3.75 across the two semesters, which means I'll have to get at least 3.844 GPA in the next semester with my 18 credit of courses. I don't believe it would be quite achievable to say the least. Why on earth would CUHK offer so many unrelated 1-credit courses??!?!?