- [2021](#2021)
  - [September](#september)
    - [26-09-2021](#26-09-2021)

---

# 2021

## September

### 26-09-2021
* Farewell Toby
    This is the very first entry of this journal thing but let's not dwell on this seemingly monumental topic because there exists a much more consequential event.
    It was Toby's last day in Hong Kong. He is going to Oxford University to study Mathematics or something. We've already had a farewell meal on 24-Sep but that's besides the point. CNok, Efren, Samuel, and myself went to the airport to give him a final farewell. The airport was quite non-crowded due to COVID or something. I have never a place in Hong Kong this non-crowded before so that was quite amusing, not to mention it was my first time in 3 years I've been to the airport. He was queuing for the check-in at the British Airways counters when Teddy and Adrian Lee/Li somehow spontaneously materialised. We had a brief meal at the airport - nothing too remarkable except it being horribly expensive, but I guess it's to be expected. His dad did give all of us red packets after the meal as a thank-you for us coming along to the airport. I think he had like 6 or something relatives with him: parents + granny + some other randos. We had some photos and hugs. His dad and granny left just after one photo which stuck me as odd but that's besides the point. Come to think of it, I've never hug him before I don't think, nor have I been in a group hug before, so that was interesting and awkward, especially considering we had to hold it long enough for his relatives to take pictures of this mess of arms and torsos. Alas, it was time for him to enter the security gate thing, despite it being a whopping 1.5 hours too early, and there shall no longer be a turning back. He struggled a bit in the first self-help gate thing, which I kindly helped myself to documenting in the form of a video, later IG story. We waved goodbye intensely but he barely looked back. We kept watching until we lost sight of him. CNok stated he wanted to cry a bit but ultimately didn't. But he did say that if I were the one to leave, then he would definitely cry rolling on the floor.
    I wasn't too emotional but it did made me have a sudden realisation. Life is *not* constant, nothing is. I have been taking it for granted that life is always going to be "unchanging" and everything should have a "later". But it isn't and doesn't. It just made me question my mortality for a second, even after a day, as the time of writing this, and I'd expect this feeling to grow as time goes on, every time I'd talk to him, every time we'd have some sort of now Toby-less gathering, and as I get older, in general. For instance, Toby and I have been planning for this dumb devil comedy sketch idea since before DSE even. We had planned for something to happen during the summer holidays. We have much planned for the summer actually: variety chess videos, podcasts (which honestly might still be possible), some local hotel staycations, vacation trips to the UK even. With much ambition, might I add. Guess what? Nothing got done. Like literally not a single thing got done in that summer. It was literally the longest summer I have ever had in my entire life and I did nothing. None of us did. Why? 'Cus of that mindset that life is constant, and that it would always have a "later". It *is* a huge let-down and regret for me, and more importantly, for Toby. It should be a whole year soonest until we meet again. But I guess at least I got to walk around CUHK with Toby on 17-Sep, so that's something. Also us the gang had been holding more gatherings and events in S6, probably because it was the last year of our secondary school years. I have CNok to thank for that, for not letting the mindset get to us, especially me, at least for a short while.
    I wish it doesn't take such a huge thing for me to realise that but the sad truth is it did. I would say this would be a life lesson for me, and that I would change my ways after this, but the truth is, there had been so many life lessons before this, and I can't say how many of them have really changed me - nay - budged me even the tiniest bit. Maybe they have, maybe they haven't, I don't know. Everything is subconscious after all. Ambition is a pretty significant source of regrets, but the lack of it accounts for the large majority. I guess I am grateful that those plans existed while they existed. At least we got to discuss about it despite we both knowing that they probably won't happen in time. I shall miss him.
    I have known him since S1. Weirdly enough, I actually think he might be my first new friend in SJC, along with Bennie. We did dumb stuff back then like stalking Santos, but ultimately we just have the same channel, at least I think we do. We fell out during S2-3 due to reasons still beyond my comprehension till this day, but we got back together by chance(?) from S4 onwards. Speaking of S1 and Bennie, the three of us actually did try to make our own game, along with Marwin I believe. Well it was mainly *my* game, but they contributed in the form of 3D models. Toby also contributed some ideas(?) I believe, though the memories are starting to get vague and foggy. It never got finished, partly because my computer sucked back then, partly because of that "life is constant" mindset. That "later" turned into "never". It goes to show our ambition even back then. Guess we haven't changed too much. He was a very plastic person back then. And honestly, I would go as far as to say that he *was* the advocate for my own plasticity and that he was the major reason my personality and mode of thinking when it comes to dealing with new people and stuff are the way they are. Yes, our ambition never changed, but neither did my/our procrastinating mentality. But I guess it was all me. Toby did try to push the ideas into fruition but I was somewhat reluctant in some of them for reasons. I shall take fault for that.
    Anyway, us the gang planned to visit the UK and have some sort of vacation there, with Toby of course, some time in the future, presumably after the fucking COVID-19 ends. Let's see what would be the fate of this plan: shall it fall like so many before it have, or would it be the one that shall finally rise above all? Either way, it shall be at least a year until we can find out.
    Hope Toby won't get too lonely in the UK. He never struck me as being too emotionally attached too much to anything anyway, so I guess he would most likely be fine, probably. Though he was a really messy person when I first met him, and still is. Let's hope the two luggages of stuff shall only allow him to make the smallest mess at worst. Whatever awaits, shall it be bright and vibrant. Farewell Toby, until we meet again.
